# 6HR LinkedIn Training — Transcript
_Source: https://youtu.be/MtWbWRJ_Plc · 6h35m · uploaded 2026-08-07_

[00:00:00] Every business owner I speak to on LinkedIn, it falls into one of two camps. Camp one is I hate it. It sucks. This platform is terrible. Camp two, I'm actually getting leads. I'm having good conversations and I've gotten a few clients. But here's the thing. Whichever camp you're in, you're leaving money on the table. Camp one, look, let's be real, it's only up from here. Camp two, like you know deep down you could be getting five to 10 times out of LinkedIn and you just don't know how. And that's exactly what this video is about. LinkedIn right now is the single best opportunity for small business owners. And not because the platform's good. It's actually terrible. It looks like it's built off Windows 95. There's AI

[00:00:36] content everywhere. And honestly, everyone just bragging about the new promotion that they got at their job. LinkedIn feels like Facebook of 2012, and that's exactly why it's the opportunity. Everyone thinks the platform is like super lame, and it is. So, why would you choose to actually go on it? It's not sexy like Instagram or YouTube. You don't have to pay tens of thousands of dollars in camera equipment and have like film crews to actually make it work. You can literally just write stuff online and then you get leads. You don't even need to appear on camera. And think about it, like if you're going to a place where there's less competition, it makes it easier to win. And that's why it's the best

[00:01:13] opportunity. You can be a big fish in a tiny pond and crush it. And you're probably wondering right now like who the hell am I and why I'm actually doing this? My name's Batilla Cave. I've been coaching people on LinkedIn for the past three years. I've coached 2100 clients, made $6 million on the platform myself, and our clients when we surveyed them made $172 million a year. And I've been nerding out on this platform, spending thousands of hours on it for the past 3 years, working it out with people who actually get clients to show them how to do it and recreate it for themselves. And why I'm doing this video is because I am sick of having hundreds of conversations with people who are literally telling me, "Hey, I've been

[00:01:52] following these templates and these post things and spending, you know, hours on Sunday writing my content with Chat GBT. I've been doing it for 6 months and not hanging out with my family and literally getting nothing. That's why I decided screw [music] it. I'm going to create an entire course, multiple hours that you can watch and run through. You can download all of the AI tools underneath that I've created. So, you can literally go from never used the platform to like my client Angus who has 350 connections, literally started 6 weeks ago on LinkedIn and got 100,000 views on his post, but 56 inbound leads. [music] And selfishly, what I want out of you is I want you to go through this entire video

[00:02:28] and implement absolutely everything and start getting clients on the platform. And then all I ask is that you message me and just let me know that you actually did it because anytime I get these messages, these [music] absolutely make my day. So now you're probably thinking, Matt, if followers don't matter, hooks don't matter, and going viral doesn't matter, well then what actually gets you clients on LinkedIn? I bring this video into five parts, and each part has an AI tool to accompany it. So you can do the work while you're watching the video and actually implement it because everyone knows the only thing that matters is speed of action. And I don't want you to just watch this video and just waste the next

[00:03:03] however many hours consuming stuff. I want you to actually do it at the same time. and I'll show you how to do it. So, the first section we're going to cover is going to be on niching and positioning. And I know this sounds really lame, but I'm telling you, if you get this right, each post you do can 20 times the amount of inbound leads. [music] Like, I've got a client, Beck, who has 2,000 followers. She gets 10 to 20 inbound leads per post just because she markets to tribes. The second part is personal brand, but not the type of brand that gets you 10 million followers and makes you famous so people actually notice you on the street because people don't actually buy your offer. They buy the person carrying it. In section

[00:03:40] three, I'm going to show you how to write content that actually gets you clients. I'll show you how to write posts that your ideal client will scroll past and read it and go, "Holy that's me. I would love to work with this person." Section four, we're going to cover the LinkedIn DM sell by chat system. It's the exact system I've used to book over 5,000 calls on the platform. I'm going to show you how to message complete strangers and also how to message people that have engaged on your content, how to have real human conversations with them so you don't actually even sound like a robot. And then how to get them on a sales call or even better how they give you the money without even talking to them in a real

[00:04:13] life conversation just through the DMs. And section five, probably the most important section is I'm going to show you how to put it all together into the monthly operating system. I'll show you how to run this day over day so you don't feel overwhelmed and you're not putting in more than an hour. And just these are the exact systems and principles my clients have used to generate hundreds of millions of dollars on the platform. But before we get into the sections, I need to walk you through the biggest lie on all of social media. And this is the reason why you're not getting clients right now. Cool. So, everybody thinks or they're convinced that likes equal leads, but I've literally worked with dozens of people

[00:04:51] that have 100, 200, 300,000 followers who make no money. Or I've got a client Beck with 2,000 followers, makes hundreds of thousands of dollars a year through the LinkedIn platform, barely gets 20 or 30 likes a post. There's literally zero correlation I have found, between likes and leads. Like LinkedIn's own platform, they have no idea how much money you're making on the platform. Like LinkedIn itself, all they care about is the amount of money they're generating from ads. They make about $5 billion a year from ads, about 35% of their revenue. All they care about is how long your eyeballs are looking at the screen so they can sell ad revenue. But what you want for leads is when someone sees your content that you want

[00:05:37] them to look at it and be like, "hm, who's this map that person and they click on your link, they go to your website, they go to your funnel, they go to your landing pages, they read your emails, and all of a sudden they've left LinkedIn." LinkedIn's main incentive is to keep people on the platform because they make money from LinkedIn recruiter, LinkedIn Sales Nav, LinkedIn ads. So they want to keep people on their platform. They don't have an incentive to get people to go to your website or your funnel or your landing pages because they want you to stay on the platform. And because of that, they're not prioritizing how you can get clients. So, if you think about it, LinkedIn's 17 or so billion dollars of

[00:06:14] revenue, I think that was from 2025, came from things where people purchased in the platform. So, LinkedIn recruiter, LinkedIn Sales Nav, they're all using it in the platform. Or LinkedIn ads, it's keeping your eyes on the platform. They're not prioritizing you getting clients. So, what LinkedIn wants, which is eyeballs and views and people on the platform, is different to what you want, which is clients. And how do you get that? Well, they see your profile and they click on your profile and they leave it and they go to your website or your funnel or your landing pages. So, their incentive isn't the same as your incentive, which you want clients, they want people on the platform. But if you actually look at the data, LinkedIn has

[00:06:53] your views, your likes, your comments, and your followers. all of that stuff, which is great. But what they don't have is they don't have how many meetings you booked, how many leads you generated, and how many clients that you actually got. But because I've been doing this for three years and worked with over 2,000 people, I have data on both sides. And after running a correlation between both, I found that likes don't even have a correlation with leads. It doesn't even matter. And so in this next section, I'm going to show you the actual data, how someone with 2,000 followers can actually make hundreds of thousands of dollars per [music] year, and why likes don't even equal leads, and what actually matters instead.

[00:07:32] Section one, we're going to be covering niching, and it's by far the most important thing on LinkedIn or any social media platform. The reason it's so important is if you get your niche right, you don't need to try as hard with content and DMs to get clients. Because when someone sees your stuff and you're correctly niche, you may only have five or 10 likes, but they'll read it and be like, "Oh, wow. That really resonates with me." And so the views don't actually matter. The most common way people are taught to niche now is to select what's called an ICP or an ideal client profile. And you know, you go select, you might say 30 to 45 year old men in the US who are executives. And so you're you're bucketing people into

[00:08:15] categories, but it's actually completely wrong and it's not the way to niche, especially now in 2026, the way that the algorithms work. And to illustrate this point and to show you what I mean, I'm going to pull up three items from below the desk because I want to show you why marketing to tribes is the new niching in 2026. The first item is creatine monohydrate. So if I showed this to my mom, she'd have no idea what it is. But if you show it to Jim Bros, they know exactly what it is. You have five grams of this in the morning with your half liter of water with lemon and sea salt. You know, that's the thing you got to do to be healthy. This, you know, makes you look swollen stuff in the gym. And that

[00:08:54] has a lot of meaning towards certain people, but other people won't resonate. The second item is a Stanley water bottle. I didn't actually know what this was until a couple of weeks ago, but supposedly Stanley in the water bottle scene is a really prestige water bottle. Like there are prestige water bottles out there, as crazy as this world is. And this to someone who's like a water bottle person. This means a lot to them. This shows like it's like a status signal. It's like you're wearing like a Gucci bag if you're into fashion. This is like the Gucci of water bottles. The third item is Brandon Sanderson's Misborn trilogy. And this trilogy is like one of the most well-known trilogies in the whole of the fantasy

[00:09:34] world. And if you're in the fantasy world, you'll know that Brandon Sanderson was the guy that finished the Will of Time series after Robert Jordan died. And so this to fantasy people has a huge amount of meaning. Now, I can't say men 30 to 45 in the US who are executives would like any of these things. That's an ICP. I don't know what those people will like. But if I said the man 30 to 45 years old who's a gym bro, who's a water bottle fan, and who's also a fan of fantasy, then they're going to see all these things and be like, "Holy that's literally my life." And if you saw this stuff and you didn't relate to any of it, that's probably most people out there. And that's the entire point. Different

[00:10:19] things when you market to different people have a higher level of meaning. And so these things, they will actually stop at the content and be like, "Holy that's me." So the first real test when it comes to niching is called the I am test. And this is what's it makes it really easy and really clear. The I am test is I would never say to myself I am a 35year-old business owner man from Australia. Even though I am I would never say that about myself. I don't identify as that. What do I identify as? I identify as a crossfitter. I identify as a husband. I identify as a dog owner. I identify as a LinkedIn coach. And so these four things, they're things that I am part of a tribe where I self- selected to be part of that group. And

[00:11:08] so if we talk about CrossFit as an example of a tribe, so if I say I'm a CrossFitter, then I can have a conversation with another CrossFitter that other people won't understand. If I say the word wad, e-om or box, you probably have no idea what those words mean. But to a CrossFitter, if I say wad, that means workout of the day. If I say, that means every minute on the minute in a workout. If I say box, that's another word that a crossfitter would use for a gym. And so tribes have insider language. They have things and objects that they have in their bag. They have rituals. They have c cultural norms. They have taboo things that you can't be doing. And so tribes are when you are like I am part of that group.

[00:11:57] And because I'm part of that group, I identify with these certain things and outsiders don't identify. And if you look back on the history of human race, we have lived in tribes, you know, say for millions of years. And through this time, our biology hasn't changed. And so if you look at your own life, you can say to yourself, what tribes am I in? You know, I could you could be someone who's competing in hierox. That's a tribe. You could be into astrology and you could be part of the astrology tribe. And now with social media, because social media now markets to what you're interested in, you'll notice if you look through your LinkedIn feed or Instagram or YouTube, all the content you actually receive is tribal based

[00:12:42] content because the algorithm knows what you're interested in. So the best way to market is to just select the tribes you want to go after. You don't self- select them. they've already selected themselves and then you market to them because you know with 100% certainty that the content itself will go directly to that person and they will resonate with the content instead of if I had to market to myself a 35year-old man in Australia if you just said those words you don't know anything that I like but if you said I'm going to market to 30 to 40 year old men in Australia who do CrossFit who use the LinkedIn platform. Well, if you did some content around LinkedIn, CrossFit, and living in Sydney, then I would like look at that

[00:13:32] content. And so, you're probably thinking yourself, great, Matt. Cool. I have to market the tribes. What the hell do I do? Because I can't open up LinkedIn Sales Navigator, which is LinkedIn's paid add-on tool, and like find the tribes. So, I'm going to walk you through now what are the three tribes that you can market to and how to select the best tribes and then how you can use that later on to create content that people will literally read it and be like, "Holy that's me." And I'm going to show you a post of someone that only has 350 connections on LinkedIn. That's it. And they did one post and they got 100,000 views from their exact tribe they are marketing to. and they got 56 inbound leads. This only happened

[00:14:16] last week. I'll show you it and how it's actually put together and so you can recreate this type of tribal content for yourself. I'm going to walk you through now the three different types of tribes that you can market to. And I found from the data that the clients that I've worked with that market to all three well are the ones that do get 5, 10, 20 times the number of inbound leads that people who don't do this. So this is a really important part. So, if you do this right, you can go from no leads to dozens of inbound leads every single week from only written content, not even video. Cool. So, how we're going to walk through the three tribes? The first tribe we need to cover is what's called a chosen tribe.

[00:14:59] These are the ones that you actively choose to be a part of within your life. It could be the sport that you play. It could be the video game that you play. It could be the membership groups you're a part of. There's many different types of chosen tribes. And chosen tribe, they're really key because in order to get into that tribe, you need to have some type of initiation. There need to be some type of rituals and they need to be things that make your part of it. So, an example of a really bad chosen tribe is online coaches. If you say, "I'm an online coach," anyone can say they're an online coach. Like, it doesn't matter. And because of that, there's no like shared suffering. There's no rituals.

[00:15:42] And no one really says to themsself, "I'm an online coach." Even though I'm an online coach, I don't say that. A really good example of a chosen tribe is Hyrox. So Hyrox is really taking the world by storm right now. And I'm competing in my Hierox now in the next 10 weeks. Now, in order to be part of the Hierrox chosen tribe and compete in say the pro men division that I'm doing, you have to at least be able to run a certain time. Being able to run, you have to be able to push a 200 kilo sled sled. You have to be able to pull 150 kilo sled. You have to be able to do about 100 wall balls. So, there's a cost that's associated with being part of the tribe. And so if I speak to someone else who's competing in Hierrox and I say I'm

[00:16:26] doing the pro men's division and I'm trying to get it below an hour and 10 minutes. They're like, "Wow, you must have this much fitness. You must be eating this much food every day. That means you probably not going out and drinking." That tribe has a cost or an initiation to be part of it. So have a think about yourself right now and if you can write down what are a couple of chosen tribes that you're a part of. A couple of other chosen tribes I'm a part of. I used to play a video game called League of Legends. You know, I played that for many hundreds of hours. And so, if I chat to someone else about League of Legends, I'd say, "I used to play Cho'Gath mid and I'd do QR on level six." And you probably don't know what

[00:17:03] that is, but that's the exact point. A League of Legends player would go, "Whoa, you know exactly what I mean. That's super clear." Or another example is the fantasy books that I pulled up before, Brandon Sanderson's Misborn trilogy. If you're a fantasy fan, you would know that every fantasy reader's probably read through that a couple of times. I'm on my third reread down. I'm on the second book. And we could talk about Kelsier and Vin and the different medals and how they discovered the 14th medal in the second book. Now, you'll have no idea what that means, but someone within that tribe will. And that's the difference to know whether you're marketing to a tribe. So, like marketing to say online coaches is my

[00:17:42] niche. It's not a tribe. Marketing to executives is not a tribe. Even marketing really to CEOs, that's not even really a tribe. A tribe is someone where someone actually selects to be a part of themsel. And because if they do select, if you say to me, you know, rock zone, in my mind, I'm going to fire off. I'm going to imagine me competing in the Hierox race in the rock zone area. Now, you won't actually know what that is. So, that's a chosen tribe. Now, the second type of tribe is what's called a place tribe. And I'm going to show you at the end of this how to pick like the perfect tribe trilogy together because once you do this, your marketing AI can literally write your content and get you inbound

[00:18:28] leads if you get the tribal stuff right. So, a place tribe isn't just a geographical place. It is a place where people congregate. And so when people congregate at a specific place either physically or online digitally, so LinkedIn is a place tribe, there's certain things and nuances about that place which are unique. For example, I grew up in Sydney's northern beaches. In Sydney's northern beaches, it is not uncommon for you to go to breakfast with no shoes on. Most of the rest of the world, if you walk to breakfast with no shoes on, that's extremely weird. But in the northern beaches, you can go with no shoes on. Place tribe is really important because it's very hard to replicate content unless you hang out at

[00:19:16] the place or you've been to the place. So for people who use LinkedIn, if you're watching this, if I say to you AI comments or I say Claude Code lead magnets or I say personal brand gurus and I say engagement pods, you know what all four of those words mean because you're part of the LinkedIn tribe. Now, if you don't use LinkedIn, you won't know what that means, but it's creating a very clear line where I can talk to someone from there. Another good example of a place tribe is say church. So, I used to go to church for the first 16 years of my life. I used to go to Northern Beaches Christian Church or center. It's a school now as well. Like when you go to that place every Sunday, there's rituals. You go in, we do the

[00:19:59] singing. Like then, you know, the kids went out to the kids area. like we do the playing area, the the parents would stay inside and then we have a sausage sizzle afterwards. And so the only people who can describe what it's like to go to Northern Beaches Christen Church are people who went to that place. And so when you market to a place, people know that you're an insider. And so they know, okay, this really resonates with me. And just just to illustrate this point, every Australian knows what an ANZAC cookie is. Like every single Australian, everyone knows when you go to Woolly's, you get this pack of like 20 Anzac cookies, they're super chewy, and on Anzac Day, you eat like six or seven of them and you feel

[00:20:41] super sick. Every Australian or Aussie knows that feeling. And everyone in different locations has these different things. And these have a lot of meaning because if I put out a piece of content and I talk about Anzac cookies and I say, "I smashed seven Anzac cookies on Anzac Day and literally felt so sick I fell asleep in the middle of the day." Every Australian be like, "I know about that." And then that would target the tribe of Australia. So there's different levels of these tribes. So the third tribe after this one is called the circumstantial tribe. Circum I'm gonna have to write it over two areas. Okay, cool. Circumstantial tribe. Now, I've got a really good prop for this one, which will hit home for everybody

[00:21:23] watching this, which is pretty fun. But the circumstantial tribe is when something happened to you within your life and because of that that's created you being in a circumstance and so certain things have a level of meaning associated with them. A really great example of this, if I show you this and I say COVID 19, what do you picture? What comes into your mind? Probably people and then empty empty shop fronts of no toilet paper. Like everyone has a story of CO 19 and toilet paper. Now probably got a lot of other memories attached. We don't need to go there, but CO 19 and toilet paper has a lot of story. And so that's why, you know, if you go through Instagram or whatever and you see memes and someone's holding up

[00:22:09] toilet paper and they go 2019 in Wuhan, people laugh about it cuz they're like that's a joke. And so because we all went through that thing together as a collective. And so circumstantial tribes are really key and they're actually some of the biggest bonding tribes. Like I'm watching a TV show at the moment called Survivor. And if you haven't watched it, you definitely should. I'm 7 weeks into watching it with my wife and we're down on 13 seasons, which is amazing. In Survivor, they start off with three tribes and they're like the blue, the purple, and the red tribe. That's the only thing they have in common. They get complete strangers and just shove them on an island together. Now, they live

[00:22:48] with each other and that's the only thing they have in common. But because of this crazy experience that they've had when they merge the tribes together, so the blue and the purple and the and the red all go together, all the red people stick together and all the blue people stick together cuz they're like, "We went through this thing together as a collective." And it's really strange because there's nothing else that ties them together other than the circumstance that they've actually been in. And so if you pick, you know, your target market or the tribes you market to, if you pick a combination of these, and I'll show you some good combinations right now, it's way easier for you to get leads because these people, if you

[00:23:26] market to them, they're going to see your content and go, "Holy that's me. How does this person understand my life?" Define your target audience. It's going to depend on if you're first starting out or if you're an existing business owner. So, I need to give you two answers based off each. If you're just starting out, it is nearly impossible to find your target audience unless you talk to lots and lots of people. Like, in order to find your target audience, you won't know who they are until you start putting yourself out there. So, genuinely, you shouldn't even start with content. You should be start DM and outreaching. And we're going to cover that in the outreach and DM section. But for the existing business

[00:24:02] owners who have clients and who've worked with people, the way you're going to do it is you're going to look back at the people you have worked with. And then based off that, you are going to see if you can put them or your best clients and you can bucket them into these three different tribe types. And once you do, then what you're going to do is find the clones of the exact ideal clients who are in the same tribes as that one and target those people. I'll walk you through a couple of examples now of actual chosen tribes and so you can see how this kind of plays out. And just remember below I have an AI tool built for this. So if you're like struggling with this right now, it's totally okay. You can go back and forth

[00:24:40] with the AI tool until you get this right. But an example of a chosen tribe is if I am a physiootherapist. So let's say I'm a physio and I want to market to clients. If you don't know what a physiootherapist is, like they're they're the person who they're not the person who cracks your back. They're the one who like gives you lots of exercises to do to fix your injuries. So, if I'm a physiootherapist and I want to market to one of these three things, I might choose for a chosen tribe, I might choose CrossFit. The reason I would choose CrossFit is that if I'm a CrossFitter, I'm quite active and there's certain different movements that I do. And if you're a CrossFitter, you don't really want a physio to work on

[00:25:19] you who doesn't understand CrossFit because you have different nuances. The same as if you do Hierrox or same as if you're a triathlete. And so CrossFit is a would be a chosen tribe they reach out to. Now place I would pick Sydney's northern beaches because in Sydney's northern beaches, I'm assuming a physio is a physical location and so I need to target certain people. In the northern beaches, there's certain types of people that live there. Like, you know, people don't wear shoes to breakfast. They're more casual. Most restaurants close at 8:30 at night. Everyone gets up at 5:30 in the morning and goes for a surf. So, you understand the cultural nuances of this physical place. Now, the third type

[00:25:56] of circumstantial, I might choose new dads. And the reason I would choose new dads is because new dads have a very different philosophy on training than a 25-year-old would. A 25-year-old is trying to gunho train as much as they possibly can. The new dad's thinking to themsel, I just want to get in a few sessions every single week. I don't want to get injured. I just want to keep training forever. Like, I want to be really fit like the 55year-old super buff do at the gym. That's like what I want to be. And so if I'm the physio, then I pick these three tribes. It makes making content very, very easy because all I need to do is I need to write words that interlink between these three things, which creates it here. And then

[00:26:44] these people, even if the content is really bad, if I say for CrossFit, if I say 5:30 a.m. WAD, that's very resonant to CrossFitters cuz what is workout of the day? If I say beline Pitwater Road in Sydney's Northern Beaches, there's a yellow double-decker bus that drives along Pitwater Road to the city, which most people get to go to work in the city. And if I say four wakeups last night, new parents, my brother's a new parent now and I'm watching it. They know what that means. So if I don't even put any hook on the content at all, if I just write 5:30 a.m. ward beline Pitwater Road and four wakeups last night, the CrossFit dad in the Northern Beaches in their mind can picture a scene. And that scene is them waking up

[00:27:35] a few times last night looking down at their alarm and then, you know, being like, "Damn, I've got to go to the early class because if I don't, I'm going to make not make traffic to the gym." And so if I'm a physio and I write that and then I mention that, you know, we help you rehab your shoulder so you can keep doing kipping pull-ups, which is a thing in CrossFit, they'll be like, "Wow, that physio totally understands my life and who I am, which makes it really easy." But imagine the opposite. Imagine the physio markets to no chosen tribe, no real place, and no circumstance, and they just say, "I help you rehab your shoulder." Now, imagine the CrossFit dad has a shoulder injury, and they see a

[00:28:16] post on LinkedIn, and it says, "We're a physio that helps you rehab your shoulder." What happens in their mind and what happens to you which you will do also you'll start noticing this now is you'll think to yourself but can they even help me but but do they help people like me and that's what vague content does to you but if the physio says you know you rocked up to the 5:30 a.m. pass even though you woke up four times last night because you got to get the early beline bus into the city and you got a shoulder niggle and it's been niggling for the past 6 months and you can't do kipping pull-ups. If this is you, come see us. Every single person in this scenario will see that content and go, "Holy that's me. I have to get my

[00:29:01] shoulder redone." And the great thing about 2026 right now is that LinkedIn, the LinkedIn algorithm or all social media algorithms know the tribes that you're a part of. So they point the content to you because they're incentivized to have you on the platform. They want you looking at this content. And that's why when you market to tribes and you select these tribes, the amount of inbound leads that you're going to get from your content, it like just last week a recruiter who joined our program and recruiters notoriously on LinkedIn have a really hard time of getting leads. Really hard time. 99 something% never get leads from content. She did one post and she got about 80 inbound connection requests from her

[00:29:50] ideal client and 10 meetings booked for her calendar and all she did was made a post with AI marketing to the three tribes. This is what's happening in 2026 because the algorithms have changed and AI is so good at marketing to people and because our human biology hasn't changed in tens of thousands of years, we still associate with tribes. So the whole concept of ICP made sense 20 years ago when Salesforce brought out, you know, the go to market playbooks and you could just do tons of volume of outreach. But in 2026, the age of AI right now, people don't believe that stuff anymore. They only believe stuff are only going to look at content where they go, "Holy that's me." So, I'm just going to

[00:30:37] walk you through now like how these tribes relate into your content and how you can use these tribal words to get inbound leads. We're going to cover a lot more in the content section, but I want to just illustrate this now so you can see how it works. And I'm going to show you a couple of live examples after and just go through it step by step because once you get this part right, this is where you really increase the amount of inbound leads that you get. So, we'll go back to, you know, we're pretending we're the physio who markets to CrossFitters. CrossFit is the chosen tribe on the Sydney's northern beaches, which is the place who are new dads. and new dad is the circumstance or the life stage that

[00:31:21] they're actually in. It's really simple. All you need to do is add words in your content that only these people from these tribes understand. What I mean by that is for CrossFit, if I say 5:30 a.m. WAD in the content, only CrossFitters who go to morning classes will know the meaning of that. And a CrossFitter who goes to a 5:30 a.m. Ward, they know in the when you go in the middle of winter how tight you feel. They know what it's like to warm up. They know you got how long you got to wear the jumper for when you're in there before you can take it off before you do the workout. So they have a feeling associated with that. So if I write 5:30 a.m. WAD, if I saw that, I would resonate because I remember the

[00:32:09] feeling of being in there. It's called embodied cognition. You you have experienced it. So it means a lot. For Sydney's Northern Beaches, I would say beline and I'll say Pitwater Road. The reason this matters is because in Sydney's northern beaches, how most people who work in the city get there is they get the double-decker beline yellow bus and pitwater road is the main road that gets them there. And so if I put these words in the content, only people from the northern beaches would know what that actually means. Nobody else would really understand and they wouldn't really have any meaning of it. They don't know the feeling of, you know, getting on the stop at Monaval and like the stopping at Colaroy and Dy and

[00:32:56] then being on the top level right at the front and they don't know that feeling. They don't know the feeling of the traffic going over Spit bridge or when you actually hit the spit bridge and it goes up and you're stuck there for 15 minutes. So, because of that, because someone's experienced a lot of that in their life, they're going to be like, "Oh, wow. That means a lot." And they'll look at the content. Now, the third piece is new dads. So, I'm not a parent, but my brother is and he's been telling me some of the words. So, if I just said four wakeups, it just means that the baby or you woke up four times last night for the baby. And so, all I have to do is if I'm the physio marketing to these people in my content, I need to

[00:33:35] use the words, these words that only these tribes would understand. And this is why vague content and if you market to ICPs or ideal client profiles and not tribes, it doesn't have any impact. Because if you just target 30 to 45 year old men who are executives in Australia, what can you write that they will read and go, "Holy that's me." Nothing. You're completely guessing. But if you showed any CrossFitter who's a dad on Sydney's Northern Beaches just these words, they would imagine themselves in their life. They would see this content and they would think, "Man, that I literally imagine myself going to the 5:30 a.m. class with 4 and 1 half hours of sleep and knowing I have to go to that class cuz if I go to the 6:31, I'm

[00:34:31] not going to get on the bel line. It's going to be too much traffic on Pitwater Road to the city." And so because of that, if I'm the physio who writes the content, all I need to say is if you go to a 5:30 a.m. WAD, even though you walk up four times last night because you got to get the beline to the Pitwater Road to the city and you've got a shoulder injury and a shoulder nickel and you can't do kipping pull-ups anymore, you probably need to see me to get it fixed. They're immediately going to go, "Holy that's me. this person understands my reality and what I'm doing, so I probably should go see them. Versus the generic physio who would say, "Shoulder rehab to fix your shoulder in 6 weeks, free 30inut checkup." No one reads that

[00:35:15] and they're like, "Oh my god, that's me." And because of social media now in 2026 and AI, the algorithms, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, they're pointing the content at tribes. And so for you to grab, you know, for you to actually leverage and use this right now in in the window of time that we've got, if you market to these tribes, you can get five, 10, 20, even 100 times the inbound leads than other people. Because these people will see your content and they'll go, "Holy that's me." And what's key is this piece of tribal positioning doesn't just go in your content. This goes on your website, your landing pages, your LinkedIn headline and banner or your Instagram bio, your DMs, the way you speak in the DMs, your lead magnets,

[00:36:05] the whole entire process or the customer channel, acquisition channel, everything you do online needs to match this tribal language because then it creates a consistent flow for the consumer. So you get the tribal words and you can use the AI tool. You add them into your content. You add them into your bio. You add them into your funnel, your landing pages. So it creates that consistent experience. So for example, if I'm going to rewrite a bio for this physio, I'm going to say physio for CrossFit dads on the beaches. Now, even though that doesn't have tribal words in it, just the combination of those things, if I am a CrossFit dad on the beaches, if I see those three words stacked against each other, I will

[00:36:52] stop and read the words. And the reason why this is important is because this is effectively mind control, like in a good way, which is pretty insane. When someone has had experiences in their life, those experiences hold within their body in like a sematic memory. And so if someone who's a CrossFit dad on Sydney's on the beaches sees this content before they think about anything in their mind, their body will stop them and they'll feel something. They'll stop. It's like if you have a dog and there's a dog name that comes up, you're like, "Oh, I resonate with my dog." But like you don't even have a thought in your mind. So, when you market to tribes, people can't even control if they're going to look at the content or

[00:37:37] not because they're going to think, "Holy that's me." Imagine there's two posts you see, one on this screen and one on this screen. This one is going to be the most ridiculous post you've ever seen. We'll say it's Elon Musk and Mr. Beast go to Mars in three seconds and tour Elon's 100 billion dollar mansion. Right? That is, imagine that hook on YouTube if it's real. Imagine it's it's the greatest hook of all time. That's the first one. Now imagine the other post is your family home where you grew up in. Which one are you going to look at? Your eyes are immediately going to go boom, family home automatically. Because your family home is where you had family dinners. It's where you and your siblings fought

[00:38:23] each other. It's where you guys were all wrestling your dad when you were a kid trying to get him down when you were younger. It's when you were, you know, sneaking out when you were 16 and taking your parents' car out. That was, maybe that was just me, but uh, you know, that's the difference between the two. And the difference is marketing now is not marketing of outrageous claims and hooks. It's called marketing for recognition. Because if someone showed me my family house in a photo, I'd be like, "Holy shit." Like, "How did you know that's me?" So, what you're trying to do effectively in your content is you're trying to paint someone's house or paint their reality. Because if you can describe someone's reality, like

[00:39:03] what they see around them, what is in their bag, what's on their computer, like where do they go for walks, like what do they sit on the bus? If you can describe that in their mind, they immediately go, "Wow, you recognize me. You must understand my situation." because it shows that you are from within the tribe and people the only people who understand CrossFit are people who do CrossFit. Like nobody else understands. No one understands the feeling of doing Fran and just your lungs burning. You don't know that until you've done it. Nobody knows the feeling of like walking to Newport Beach watching the sunrise, you know, on Sydney's Northern Beaches. I do that with my parents. Nobody knows the

[00:39:47] feeling of being a new parent. It's like why every new parent says, you know, I never take advice from anyone that's not a parent. Like, how could I? You You haven't experienced this. And so, what you need to do with your content is when you choose these tribes and you market to them, when you layer in these words, this signals that you are from inside their world and that you understand them. And that creates a level of recognition that the other person can't even control. So, they can't even control it. It happens preverbal and it makes them want to jump out of their seat. Just like imagine if you saw your family house verse Mr. Beast and Elon Musk going to Mars for his $100 million mansion. This is nothing compared to

[00:40:29] your family house. And so the key for positioning and content and DMs and everything is marketing to tribes. So, first, if you're scared of niching, I really need to tell you a story to establish this point because I know hundreds of people I've chatted to are terrified of niching down because they really think if I niche down, I'm going to completely limit myself and I'm not going to get any clients. And I completely resonate with you, but I need to walk you through the story now. It really makes sense. So, I have a client, Beck. She works with rural and regional agricultural businesses in Australia. She only has 2,000 followers. She gets like 20 to 30 likes per post and that's her niche. And

[00:41:11] one might think or one would think that's the tiniest niche ever. How are farmers or agricultural businesses even on LinkedIn? Like how does that even work? And how could she niche down? Now, for one, she gets like 10 to 20 inbound leads per post. Also, her minimum retainer is 45K a year, which is pretty crazy. But what's even crazier is that there was a European company and that European company looked saw her content and they saw that she is the number one expert on LinkedIn for rural and regional agriculture in Australia and then they reached out to her inbound and they said we want to work with you and she closed a massive retainer. I think it was about 45k late last year. The reason these people reached out to her

[00:41:59] is because they were like, well, she is like the best expert at this very specific thing. She must be able to help our industry, which is really key. But let's say we go on the flip side. Let's say you don't go niche. Let's say you go, I help executive men with burnout and stress. The problem with that is let's say you do a post on LinkedIn, five tips to prevent burnout. That's a post really common post, would you say? Now someone else puts out a post saying five tips to overcome burnout. This post here is you. This post here is Steven Bartlett, the guy who does Diary of a CEO. Who do you think is going to read whose content? Of course, everybody's going to read Steen Bartlett's content. So, the

[00:42:49] problem is if you do not niche down, you compete with Steven Bartlett. Go to the Diary of a CEO right now. Go to YouTube, type in Diary of a CEO. Look at all the titles and headings of every single one of the videos. It will say how to sleep better, how to have a better relationship, how to make heaps of money, like all these different things. Steven Bartlett does that. If you look at his content, same thing. And not just Stephen Bartlett. What about Simon Synynic? You're competing with the biggest brands in the entire world. That's the issue because who is someone whose content is someone going to read when it's generic and broad content. Five mindset hacks. Five mindset hacks. Obviously, they're going to go with the

[00:43:36] person with the massive brand. And these people are what I like to call unicorns. Unicorns aren't real. They're mythical. They're made up. You can't copy what Alex Hozi does because he is a brand and a tribe in amongst himself. Mosy Nation, it's a thing. He is so big. He created a tribe. And sure, you can do that too, but you first need to select the tribes you after to then later build the tribe. That's extremely hard to do. And if you want money, that's definitely not the way to go. Especially fast money in clients on LinkedIn. So, when it comes to niching, I'm not thinking like, oh, niching down, it's bad, all that kind of stuff. All I'm thinking is like, I've looked at the data from working with

[00:44:21] 2100 people. I've built a niching score that niches people out of a thousand. And I've run an internal test where I've niched everyone. And I found if someone scores below a niche of a 150 out of a thousand, that's means if you say I help mid-market professionals with stress, I help you get leads, I help you do this, very very broad niches, right? Or I help you with leadership or the worst one is I help nervous state regulation. What even is that? If you are within this category and you are below a 150 and I'm going to give you the 30 worst niches very shortly, it's impossible for you to get inbound leads, like actually impossible. I have never seen it done. And I know you're not believing me, but

[00:45:08] I'm telling you, if you're in this section, you have to niche down. Otherwise, is an impossibility for social media to actually work for you, especially in 2026 with the algorithms targeting tribes. So the issue with not niching, it's not really an issue. It's just that it will never work because if you have to compete with Steven Bartlett or Simon Synynic, they have the authority. They're massive. They can post about the five mindset hacks. Again, go to the Diary of a CEO YouTube, just look at the titles. And so I do not want to compete with Steven Bartlett. So the only way to do that is instead of making a podcast to market to the world, the way I make a podcast is I market to a very specific tribe subset. So when

[00:45:55] they read it, the stuff they think, whoa, that's for me. Steven Bar's got great production, but I'd rather watch this one. So if I'm going to create a post on LinkedIn, I'm not going to create something to do with five mindset hacks of most successful people. I'm going to create one that markets to a very small audience who's going to resonate with it highly instead of marketing to effectively the earth or everyone on Earth cuz it's much harder to get attention from 8 billion people than it is for a subset of 10,000 people. So, now we've covered this part and I know I ranted and raved on it for a long time. It's just so important because if you don't get this right, nothing else actually matters. But now

[00:46:36] what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you the solution to this. I'm going to show you the three types of tribes that actually matter so you can select them. And I'm going to show you examples and how to write content and DMs so you can market to these tribes yourself so you're not competing with Steven Bartlett and you can actually get clients online with less than 2,000 followers. So now I'm going to walk you through some real life examples of what tribal content looks like from people with actual LinkedIn profiles who are getting dozens of inbound leads. Cool. So this is Beck. She is a strategic adviser to afacing businesses and in rural and regional Australia and she was the one I mentioned before with about

[00:47:16] 2,000 followers. What you can notice here from her overall positioning is she's not just using words, she's also using visuals. So what you can see behind is her banner is actually a cotton farm. A cotton farm. And so when I look at that, that doesn't mean anything to me. But for someone in rural and regional Australia, they probably drove past many cotton farms and they understand the feeling behind it. So this is really important in her positioning and this is something where when her ideal client lands on her profile, they go, "Holy that's me." Because it's different to everything else out to LinkedIn and it means a lot to me. And then the other thing that she's got in here, there's only really one, you know, interribe

[00:48:01] word, which is just agacing. She didn't say the word agriculture because obviously no one in agriculture says agriculture. They just say a. So just by saying a facing and with a cotton farm that itself is enough for people to go, "Wow, you must be after me." And so if we're going through the the physio example for Sydney's Northern Beaches, if they had like a CrossFit gym and the Beline bus in there, as lame as it is to put it there, someone would immediately stop and they would know that's exactly for them. The other part about her LinkedIn profile, that's her banner. The other part is her what's called headline. And her headline just says simply strategic advisor for a facing businesses. Nothing crazy. No, I

[00:48:46] help statements because I think the IBE help statements are the dumbest things that ever come out. Anyone that says I help in the front of their profile, you immedately may know they make no money. Like I is terrible. Like it's the worst thing. But that's it. It's so simple, but she's gets a crazy amount of inbound leads. So that's her positioning. Now, let's look at her content. So I'll scroll down. So this post here, let's go through it. I'm just going to zoom out a bit so you can see the entire post. 132 likes, by the way. Now, I obviously said leads don't likes don't equal leads, but I guarantee you that from that post, probably half the people who liked it are her exact ideal clients. So, when we're looking at this post,

[00:49:25] there's two things we need to analyze, and we're going to go through this in the context section later on. There's what's called the written hook and the visual hook. With LinkedIn, the entire purpose of the two hooks is to get someone to stop scrolling and then click the dot dot dot more button. That's the entire purpose. So, let's go through both of these hooks right now to see why they have such a high amount of meaning. So, let's go through the written hook first. So, if a shipping route closes tomorrow, we can't dress our own defense force. We can't supply linen to our hospitals. 90% of it comes from offshore. Now I understand that this is not a super tribal post the actual hook itself but it's something that's deeply

[00:50:09] Australian and she's talking about linen defense force and a lot of like you may this may be a generalization but farmers will probably have a lot of national pride because it's sorry not farmers but anyone working in agriculture in Australia because it's disgustingly hard industry so you'd have to have pride in actually doing it you're not there just for the money so it's very deep tried roots and saying 97% of it comes from offshore so she's talking about we can't close the shipping routes. What's also the second hook is the visual hook. Now, I'm just going to be honest. I don't even know what that is. And that's literally the point. I like I think it might be linen because she's mentioned linen in the post, but I actually don't

[00:50:47] know what it is. But this is a view that someone from that place that actual tribe would see. Like they would look at the ground and they'd see the ground is like this. And so when they see this, they're going to go, "Holy that's me. That's what I actually see within my reality." And so the person, so she's effectively painting their house. She's painting their suburb, the roads they drive on, and this is the best type of content to get inbound leads. So the hook itself, and the actual post. Now, let's dissect the actual post below. So let's read through a little bit of it. If a shipping route closes tomorrow, we can't dress our own defense force. We can't supply linen to our hospitals. 97% of it comes from offshore. We're having

[00:51:34] a national conversation about sovereign risk in fuel and fertilizer. We should be having the same conversation about natural fibers and textiles. So, she's bringing up something here, which is, you know, national conversation about sovereign risk in fuel and fertilizer, but she's saying actually we should talk about this for natural fibers and textiles. So, and then if we look in the rest of the posts, she said defense uniforms, hospital linen, age care bedding. So, this is all stuff that like traditional like Australian people who give a about the country would actually care about. And so, she's adding this in here. So, that's not a fashion problem that sovereign risk. But here's where the agriculture side comes

[00:52:11] in. The current conversation about bringing cotton spinning back to Australia is framed about premium brands and provenence. But the real fiber volume isn't in fashion. It's in the institutional textiles that keep essential services running. So she is here in this thing in this part of paragraph of her post championing like agriculture or Australia like rural and regional Australia. She's championing this. She's like one of the people and this is a really great authority based post which we can cover later on. Then she's saying the government doesn't fund um need to fund spinning mills. It needs to commit to buying what comes in them. And so right now the proposed a and she's talked about something here which I don't

[00:52:53] actually even know what that is a certain bid and this whole thing as you can probably see it's all tribal language. You probably don't understand this. I don't understand this. If you're from rural and regional Australia you probably get it but like there's probably a very small amount of you but that's the point. So when we actually look at the engagement on the posts if you look at all the comments which I'll show later they're people in her industry. Like a really key way to find out if your content is lead generating or just like generating are actually people you're targeting actually engaging in the content. Like if your ideal clients don't even like your post or they don't even view your LinkedIn

[00:53:28] profile after you put a content out that's for these people, it's not tribal enough. It's not for them, which is really key. So this is the first example. So I'll go through the next example. This is Bill. Bill is a dad of six from Oklahoma and he's booked about a month in advance with leads inbound leads from LinkedIn. Uh so as you can see if we're looking at tribal things from Bill number one down here he said engineers are underpaid except for mine and he said the engineer head hunter really simple what he does I'm a recruiter for engineers really easy it's easy to understand what he does recruiter it's a real thing like and also he goes after engineers people say I am an engineer people who have

[00:54:14] engineers they take pride in it that it's it's part of a tribe vibe. Look at this banner. It says, "I'm the civil recruiter." And he says, "Helping geotechnical and structural engineers find a better role." It's so easy to understand. And if I am a geotechnical or structural engineer in the US, in particular, if I'm in Oklahoma, I'm probably going to get along with Bill and he's a parent. We probably have a lot of things in common. So when Bill writes his content, which I'll show you below, he crushes it. So this one post of his and I don't even know what it means. And if you look at it too, no image. No image. You can do text based on LinkedIn and get leads which is crazy and AI generated. Crazy if you use

[00:54:59] tribal language. If we read the hook which is the first couple of lines. So imagine the hook is just here. Not imagine you can see it right here. Nine out of 10 companies don't ask us to find EITs. Delaying your PE is a five figure mistake. I have no idea what that means. I don't know what an EIT or a PE is. If I saw this post, I'm going to scroll straight past. But I'm not Bill's target market. These engineers are his target market. And because of that, he got tons and tons of engagement on this post. And they were all engineers. And I'll show you the comments section later. There were engineers in his comments arguing with other engineers, which shows his content to more engineers. The best type

[00:55:44] of content isn't the one that just generates the most views. It's the one that gets the most engagement and comments from your ideal clients. And it's when they actually have conversations in your comments because on LinkedIn, it just doesn't promote your content. The people commenting on your post that shows up in other people's feeds. So if an engineer is is having a uh like a debate with another engineer, all their engineering connections, see the debate and go back to see what they're debating about, that's actually the best way to get leads on the platform and what really works. And from these three people I'm showing you now, I'll show you the comment section. It's all those people. That's exactly what it is. You know, if

[00:56:21] I look back through his post, there's a few other tribal words. You know, PE, 20 years of experience. Obviously, that means a lot to these type of people. Internal bumps of this much per year. 20k offers. Now, if I said 20k offers by itself without the PA and art, it could mean for anything, but for these people, it means a lot. Dream seats on geotech and structural teams, whatever the hell that means. I have no idea what that means, literally. And then he's talked down here, you know, life is hectic. I've got six kids at home. I get it. Carve out the time and it pays you back for years. So, he's also putting a bit of his personal brand in there, which we'll talk about later on, which is carrier trust. like you're going to

[00:57:00] believe Bill the person, not just the offer that he actually has. That's what a strong personal brand is. So, this post itself is a really, really good example. And I for a fact, I've chatted to Bill after he's put out these posts, he books dozens of inbound calls. And recruiters have told me time and time again, LinkedIn doesn't work for content. You cannot get inbound leads. And I call Like, it's actually a lie. I've seen it myself. It's right here. Now, we got one more I want to show you. There's three fingers. One more I want to show you before we go to the next part. So the next person is Evan. So zoom out a little bit. So you can probably see from Evan's profile, you probably guess immediately what he

[00:57:39] does. There's a few signals. So number one, the Canadian flag. Pretty tribal like countries are tribes definitely. And then what does it say? Land a 100k consulting role as a student in Canada graduating 2026 or 2027. Really simple to understand. And he's even got the colors like white and red. That's Canadian colors. So, who is this targeted to? What tribe? Well, number one, students in Canada. Chosen tribe. They chose to be a student. They chose to graduate in 2026 or 2027. Like the place tribe, literally Canada universities. Like, it's actually a place. And he's also marketing to people without 4.0 GPA. So speaking of people who aren't the best of the best, but they want to get 100k consulting roles.

[00:58:28] So this is very very tribal. And so for this, Evan gets a lot of inbound leads. This post here did pretty well. He got, you know, 74 likes, 71 comments, which is pretty good. Now, let's read through it and look at the tribal language. I spent 12 years building a case book with 212 MBB cases and I'm giving away for free. I have no idea what an MBB case is. No idea. But that's the exact point. I'm not his target market. But LinkedIn knows if I write that the Canadian university students are going to want to see it. It points the content to them. And even though there might be, I don't know, 10, 20, 30,000 Canadian university students that without 4.0 GPA that want to get 100K consulting roles, maybe even

[00:59:11] less, doesn't matter. He owns the whole market. No one can compete with him because there's dozens of other career coaches on LinkedIn, but there are none that work with only Canadian students who want to get 100k consulting roles in 2026 or 2027. It's the same as the the Steven Bartlett niching stuff. You need to become the person who is the leader of the tribe of a specific subset of people. You become the only option then. Because imagine you come across Evan or a career coach with 30 years experience. The career coach is like, "I help people get careers." Evan's like, "I help you, the university, Canadian student, Canadian university student who wants to get 100k consulting role and I've got like 50

[00:59:49] other clients I've done it for." Who are you going to go with? Doesn't matter. This person has 30 years experience. They're 50 years old. Doesn't matter. You think you're going to trust this guy? Even though the other person may be way better, it doesn't matter from the lens of the person actually buying it. So then we look at the actual post itself. We just see breaking it down the image. He's used McKenzie, Bay &amp; Company, and BCG. I know these are kind of their consulting or whatever businesses briefly, but I don't know the meaning of these, but I've heard that McKenzie is like a really strong company that people really want to get a job at. And so, because of this, this is the perfect lead magnet that he's been able

[01:00:29] to put out and the perfect tribal based content. And then if we scroll to the post, it's a pretty long post, so I won't go through the whole thing, but you know, he's just said what's inside. You know, 95 McKenzie cases, 62 BCG cases, 55 Bane cases, covers 14 different key industries, 10 different case types, first and second round interviews. So I'm assuming it's like interview prep and all that kind of stuff sourced from SKA case books at schools like Wharton, Harvard, Sloan, Kellogg, and Yale. So he's obviously targeting his target market. like I know what Harvard and Yale is, but I don't really know what Warden Sloan or Kellogg is. Kellogg sounds like Kellogg serial in Australia. So that's that's how I

[01:01:06] would think about it in that tribe. And so his content is perfectly targeted towards his tribes. And these are three examples of content that actually gets you inbound leads. So there's one really important point I need to cover now around positioning. You may be thinking to yourself right now, Matt, but I've never seen any posts about farms or getting consulting jobs or PE for for engineers. I've never seen it. So, it mustn't work. But that's the point. You've never seen it because you're not the niche. You're not the person within social media. Everybody has a unique different algorithm. Completely different. So what's normal and in your algorithm to you is different to other people. Now the content that goes to

[01:01:53] everybody's algorithm is the Steven Bartlet content, the 21 new AI tools, the eight mindset hacks of successful people, the 14 things you can do to get rich. Everyone sees that cuz they're somewhat interested from it. But no one ever buys from those people. It doesn't happen. That's just the free content. But then there's another type of internet which is called the niche social media platforms. There's the regular social media and there's the niche. The niche is a different feed and it goes to specific people. And I'm going to show you a few more examples later on. And that's why you haven't seen it. But if you open up Instagram or LinkedIn or any other platform now, what you can do is think, okay, what tribe am

[01:02:32] I a part of? So for me, I'm part of a CrossFit tribe and and Hierrox. I'm competing in Hierrox in 10 weeks. When I open up Instagram, it's just Hierrox content. Hierrox. Hierrox. Hierrox. Super duper key. When I open up LinkedIn for me, what tribe am I a part of? I'm part of the LinkedIn tribe. I'm part of the chosen tribe for LinkedIn and the place tribe. So I'm I'm all LinkedIn. My whole entire feed is LinkedIn people. That's all it is because that's the tribes that I'm actually a part of. And so do it now. Open your social media platforms and I promise you, you're going to find tribal based content and you're going to start noticing these signals of what's the chosen tribes you're a part of, what are the

[01:03:08] circumstantial tribes you've fallen into, and what are the place tribes where you hang out, where people congregate, or the platforms you go to. So, now that we've covered tribal content and the three different tribes you need to go after, including like the tribal words you need to use and like examples of what the content looks like, I'm now going to walk you through how to align the tribes you go after with your personal brand. Because I think personal brand is a is a thing that's spoken about a lot but never usually explained and it's also never explained in terms of like how do I build trust with people not just get views and that's the thing that really matters. So this is going to tie off the end of the positioning and

[01:03:42] niching section and then after this we're going to weave in the personal branding section but I want to explain this part first around how the both of them fuse together. So, I've got my 2x two quadrant here. And what you'll notice from the quadrant is that over here I've got I've got what's called a tribal density score. Now, tribal density means like how specific is your content marketing to a tribe. And so, we obviously just saw Beck's content. Well, that was marketing to a very, very specific tribe. Same as Evans content. So, their content gets a very high tribal density. There's a lot of tribal words. and also people who aren't in the tribe wouldn't understand it. That's what high tribal density content is. And

[01:04:23] we talked about how, you know, there's a there's a second social media algorithm which points to tribal content. The other thing that matters is also brand alignment. So personal brand, your brand alignment. So I'm going to talk through what good high tribal density content and high brand alignment content looks like. I'm going to talk you through each of these and then afterwards I'm going to show you some examples of content from people who have gotten dozens of inbound leads from using tribal and personal brand content weaved in together so you know what it actually looks like. So the first type of content I'm going to have to cover is one that's low brand alignment and low tribal density. Now, this is the shittest

[01:05:04] content on LinkedIn, and it's the ones that people think are really great because it gets 10,000 likes, and we're going to call this one the Warren Buffett quotes. So, everyone on LinkedIn has seen these Warren Buffett quotes. You scroll past them in the feed, and it literally says, it's literally a billboard of Warren Buffett in the top left or top right, and then there's a quote of him, something about success, and there's 10, 20, 30,000 likes. really great content, but the problem is the niche is earth. No one has ever bought anything from someone who's produced this content. And the issue with it, like we talked about before around LinkedIn and it being like a gambling machine, that's what LinkedIn

[01:05:47] wants. They want this type of attention, but people don't buy from people that do Warren Buffett quotes. These are like the billboard quotes. You know, I remember when I' I've gone to Coachella a few years and when you drive from Los Los Angeles to Palm Springs along the way there's like hundreds of billboards and they're all exactly the same. I don't remember a single billboard because none of them are unique. It's all just someone being like, "Hey, pick me, pick me, pick me." And this is what everybody's content looks like on social media. Like this is the type of stuff which just literally means nothing because everybody in the world resonates with and sure if you want to get tons of dopamine then do these. It's the best

[01:06:24] dopamine hit. You'll get 10,000 likes in one in four shots. So this is the Warren Buffer quotes. Low brand alignment, low tribal density. Now the next type of content which I think is one of the most dangerous types of content is what we call the fortune cookie content. Now, I was in Woolly's this morning and lo and behold, found some fortune cookies. So, I'm pretty pumped for this because I was really want to get fortune cookies for this video and I was like, we found it. So, why am I call why am I saying fortune cookie content? Well, in Australia, if you go to a Chinese restaurant, this could be anywhere else in the world. I I just don't know. At the end, you get a fortune cookie. And we used to go to the Hong Kong

[01:07:09] restaurant in Newport as a family. I actually went there when I was 6 weeks old. My parents took me there, which is crazy. But uh we used to go there all when we were growing up. We loved it and we're like because right at the end we got fortune cookies and it's something to really look forward to. And the thing is everyone who gets a fortune cookie, you open it up and I'm going to read it. Right. So all it says is it is better to forget and smile than to remember and be sad. Yeah, true. It's better to forget and smile than to remember and be sad. Like that actually means a lot to me. That means a lot. Like I could read this, but this type of content, this is dog memes. When you see a dog meme, it means a lot

[01:07:51] because it does. Like my wife sends me dog memes all the time. We've got two dogs. We see the dogs like, "Oh my god, the dog memes." Like this is amazing. And this is the type of like sentimental feelgood type of content. And it doesn't get you any leads because it has no brand alignment to what you do. tons of tribal density because me and my wife are a tribe together. Our little family with me and her and our two dogs, we are a tribe and it has a lot of meaning towards us. You know, the dog park people, people love dogs, you know, they're either dog or cat people. And so, this type of content is really dangerous. It's like really not good type of content. This is the feel-good Instagram content that everybody puts

[01:08:28] out that gets millions of views, but no one's ever bought a thing. Be honest with me. Have you ever bought anything from those people off Instagram? You probably don't even know their name. you're just scrolling through the streets, doesn't even matter. Exactly the same for LinkedIn, exactly the same for all content everywhere. People don't expect to pay for Fortune cookie content, so they don't. Now, the third type of content, which sucks, which everybody does, and I've been guilty of this a lot of times, is what we call the real estate brochure content. Real estate, can't even fit it in here. Whatever. So, real estate brochure. What is this? Well, in Australia, everybody gets these bad boys in the

[01:09:08] mail. Uh, and as you can see, there's a black line there. It's because I used this to trace here. it up, but we didn't have another real estate brochure. But everybody gets these in the mail. Now, when you receive this in the mail in Australia, what do you do? Well, the mailbox is here and you go, "Ah, in the bin. see you later." That's literally what you do. You don't even give a about it. And that's the kind of content where someone says five leadership hacks for the most successful leaders. is that? Who does that even relate to? Does it even matter? Like the it makes literally no sense. No one gives a Like let's say we look at this photo, right? Who the who took that photo? It literally means nothing. Sure, it has a

[01:09:52] lot to do with your brand alignment. Real estate agency brand alignment. this kicks in. But the only ones of these you ever look at would be if on the front it's like have a look at this $100 million house and that's Steven Bartlett. If Steven Bartlett puts this out for $100 million house or there's this guy called end to something on YouTube who does touring of likeund23 million houses. I've sat down and watched though we all have but he's a unicorn and so is Steven Bartlett. So the only people that can do this type of content are the super grand ones like the one where the hook where like you know if we're Elon Musk and um Mr. Beast flying to Mars to go through the hundred billion dollar mansion that would go

[01:10:32] here but there's only one but other than that we take it out of the letter box and we're in the bin happens every time. That's the same with your content. The content you're producing no one gives a because it's not specific which is really hard. Now so what is the best type of content that we actually put out? Now, this is my favorite type of content. It's called unclog your toilet content. So, a while back, a plumber came to our house. He had to fix some stuff at the back. Like, we had a bit of flooding. And then he told me afterwards, he's like, "Matt, I just want to let you know I also just like cleaned out your shower. There's a whole bunch of hair in there. I cleaned it out. I fixed the thing and so it's

[01:11:08] all done." And I was like, "Thank you." And he's like, "Yeah, I don't even charge I won't even charge for it." And I was like, "Wow, that's crazy. you just came to my house and you just did something amazing and I didn't even ask for it. That that's what we call unclog your toilet content. It's something where you read it and you're like, "Wow, I didn't even know that. That is amazing. Thank you for sharing that." It's the same for DMs, which we'll go on later. So, the type of content you need to be doing is high tribal density and high brand alignment content. And I'm going to go for brand alignment shortly. And I'm going to show you now one piece of content which to me is extremely high uncloggy toilet content. And when you're

[01:11:48] thinking about content in your DMs, you're thinking about this. So this is a handwritten card that my friend Alex Broen sent me from I think it was LA. So imagine in the mail instead of the real estate brochure, you get a handwritten card. You pull it out and you're like, "Wow, that's exactly for me." You open it and I remember reading this. He wrote something about me being unap apologetically myself on LinkedIn, him appreciating it, us not getting to know each other, wishing you a warm holiday season. This is what we call uncloggy toilet content. This is where it goes here. Cuz this type of content is the type of content that's meant to make you feel something. It's meant to make you feel, wow, holy

[01:12:31] that was actually for me. And this is high tribal recognition content with high brand alignment put together. And I'm going to run through a few posts now so you can actually see what this looks like in real life so you can do it Chester's profile. So Chester is a client of mine. He's a sleep scientist at the NHS in the UK. Um and he also has sleep apnnea himself. So he really understands the issues with sleeping and what what bad sleep actually looks like. He he told me that one time when he when he before he was diagnosed or he found out he'd wake up like 20 time like every 20 minutes during the night. Pretty insane. so he understands what good sleep means. So this post that Jester put out here, which I think is awesome,

[01:13:12] is a post with him wearing obviously the CPAT machine. And the hook is sleeping less than 6 hours has been shown to shrink your brain. I breathe like Darth Vader to stop this from happening. Number one, it's hilarious. Who wouldn't actually see this post and laugh about it? And obviously, it's a pretty crazy condition that he lives with, but he's making a joke out of it, which is awesome to do. So, if we're looking in the actual post, Chester is a sleep coach. He coaches people how to sleep. So, he's saying in the top line, "Sleeping less than six hours has been shown to shrink your brain." So, I guess everyone's going to be quite interested in that. So, it's quite broad, but I breathe like Darth Vader to stop this

[01:13:50] from happening. Hilarious. So, are you going to click the dot dot button? Of course you are. Why would you not? And then there's him holding up the CPAT machine and it looks like crazy. He's talking about Darth Vader, Bane from Batman, a whole bunch of other different ones. It's amazing. So, we actually open up the post and we go through it. It says, "Sleeping less than 6 hours a night has been shown to trick your brain. I breathe like Darth Vader to stop this from happening. I was sleeping 4 hours every night because I stopped breathing 30 times an hour. That's insane." This literally made me stupid. I used to stare at a computer screen struggling to think 30 minutes would pass and nothing would get done. My

[01:14:24] potential was slipping away. But everything changed once I fixed my sleep. Within one year, I got promoted, built my business, literally doubled my income. The worst part about poor sleep isn't tiredness is knowing that you're not at the level you're capable of. Comment sleep and I'll send you my four-week sleep improvement guide. If someone reads this, if you read four, you know, Steven Bartlett's podcast on the five sleep hacks to get better sleep, or you read this post from the actual guy who's a sleep scientist who has sleep apnnea, who are you going to listen to? Obviously, this guy. And so this is what good niche content looks like with high brand alignment and high tribal density because Chester is in the

[01:15:02] tribe. He like understands it because he lives within it. And because of this, this is extremely high lead generating content. And Chester gets about 10,000 impressions on every post, but it's from people who are actually struggling with sleep. And I'll show you some of his other content a bit later on because it's brilliant. I'll show one of my posts that I did because honestly, I was pretty happy about this post. So this is my wife. We took a selfie in front of the Vatican. And this is when we went, we traveled in Italy u late last year in December and we went and looked at it at night when it was raining. That's why she's got a hood up and I was just embracing the rain. And so the post says, you know, why is LinkedIn so damn

[01:15:35] hard? So, you know, I'm marketing to the LinkedIn tribe, people who use LinkedIn. I spoke to my wife on MSN Messenger for one year. Oh, what? What the hell? What has that got to do with LinkedIn? I was terrified to ask her out, but then I did. That one year it took me. Is you not sending DMs? your fear of rejection and looking like a fool. Screw that. Throw shame out the window. That's how you build your dream life. Agree. Now, one could say this is like super top of funnel. Like, it's not that relevant to my niche or whatever. But I'm exclusively tying in LinkedIn to something within my life that I wasted time doing. And so, these two things together have high brand alignment and then high tribal density

[01:16:15] because I want people to see me, you know, living my life, you know, having fun, enjoying myself. You know, I show photos of my dog Teddy. Like, of course, I want to show that type of content cuz I weave it into the other content together. So, when people think about me, they don't just think about this LinkedIn guy. They think about Matt, the LinkedIn guy who asked his wife out through MSN Messenger and like they're correlating these two things together. So, what you're looking at doing is you're looking to find, okay, how do I find things that's has high tribal density, but then how do I link in my brand together? So when people think of say for me LinkedIn synonymously they think of Matt and so that's what

[01:16:51] essentially what branding is. Um Caleb Braston one of the most p famous personal branding guys in the world he just talks about branding how it's like the pairing of two things and so me when people think LinkedIn I want them to think Matt and LinkedIn clients I want them to think Matt. I don't want them to think like LinkedIn personal brand, don't think about me. I don't even really believe in that stuff. But like trust building content or carrier trust, which we're going to be covering next, and the seven types of carrier trust principles you need to put into your content so people want to buy from you is really really important. So the actual tribal mechanism and the niching, this is how it moves into now niching,

[01:17:25] tribing, who are the people I'm going after and how do I weave that into my own personal brand and why it matters so much. And that's what we're going to be covering in section two right up next. Now, I just want to go through to make sure it's really easy to understand what is high tribal density content and what is high brand alignment content just so you can walk away and have a complete understanding. But just know the link below has the AI tool that walks you through it step by step. So, when we're thinking about tribal density, all that we're thinking about is when somebody sees your content, does the tribe see themsel in it? like how specific is the content? So like I'm a runner. I wear a G watch. If someone

[01:18:10] shows the Strava app and a Garmin watch and a heart rate thing because I'm in that tribe, I'll immediately recognize it because I wear the watch. I'm in the tribe. Like I've got the 37.4 kilometers this week. I'm in the I'm in the running thing. And so because of that, I recognize it. So, you want to think through yourself, okay, this piece of content I'm putting out, would people outside of the tribe know and understand what this means? If no, it's high tribal alignment content. So, the classic thing where people say, "Your mum should understand exactly what you do." That's not correct anymore. That was back 30, 40, 50 years ago or back in the day when the first copywriting rules were written. Now with AI and interestbased

[01:18:52] content algorithms, it's specifically that other people shouldn't understand what you do, which is really key only in the tribe. Now brand alignment, what this is is does it position you as the answer? So tribal density is the tribe seeing themselves and these people have a problem and you have a service that helps them, but does it position you as the answer? So when we looked at Chester's post before, Chester is a sleep coach. He dealt with sleep apnnea. He is a sleep scientist. So you would think this guy who has to wear this thing at night, he can probably help you get your woop score up to about a 90% in the green. He can probably do that. He can probably help you sleep at night because he suffered through the worst

[01:19:34] stuff and he's also an actual person who lives through it. So that type of content, it also positions him as the answer because he experienced it. He went through things similar to this to right now the content that I'm doing. Like I'm talking very LinkedIn specific things. I'm showing you your LinkedIn platform, the posts, what it looks like. And I'm also positioning myself hopefully as the answer to you being the expert and doing that and trying to bring like a really good quality video like a really in-depth understanding the AI tools. And I'm hoping that this is very high tribal density and high brand alignment. I'm not hoping I know that it is for the platform. And so this is what's really really key when you're

[01:20:12] thinking about distinctions, but just know that the link the AI tools you get, it does help you define it. And so you don't have to know exactly what it is right now, but you've seen a few examples and you're going to start seeing it everywhere right now. And like I mentioned before, go on your social media now. You're going to start seeing tribal content. Pick a couple of hobbies or things you're into. Those are the posts you're actually going to be seeing. All right. Up next, we're going to be d diving deep into brand alignment and what I call carrier trust, which is personal brand. But before that, I've got a special bonus section that I need to share with you around offers. I think Alex's $und00 million offers does a very

[01:20:47] very good job at this. But I think there's a point in his book that he doesn't even cover and there's one sentence that he says in it which actually means that 90% of the people who are trying to start their business they actually fail because of his offers book. I've seen more people lose because of the book than win who starting who are starting out. And I want to cover one thing which is called the offer viability formula before that because it's just really really key because even if you get tribal density right, even if you get brand alignment right, if you're not selling somebody something that they would normally or they're used to buying, they will never buy it. For example, my dad is a panel beater on

[01:21:25] Sydney's northern beaches and he's a Christian man. If you decided to do tribal density and brand alignment and you marketed to men on the northern beaches in Sydney who are panel beaters who are Christian and you said we're doing group therapy for these people, my dad would never buy it because he goes to church. And that's something that's not really covered and not spoken about, but this is something that above all these things once you get these two things correct, you need to get this middle part right to get people to say, "Shut up and take my money." Otherwise, they'll just see your stuff and they'll think to themselves, "So what? Before we get into walking through what actually builds a personal brand, I need to walk

[01:22:02] you through the biggest lie in personal branding. And this is something that every single social media platform is telling you is true because their incentive is just for you to get them, you know, millions and millions of views, get people addicted to the platform. The biggest lie is that views equal trust. And this is completely false. Like this is not true at all. view. If views equal trust, every single person that's been on those cringe ass reality TV shows would be millionaires. But instead, they're signing up to Only Fans and literally doing going down that route because they realize that like just because you have fame doesn't correlate to people trusting you for doing something, you know, like you know

[01:22:44] how you watch like I've watched the TV show Survivor and like you know afterwards you can go you know there's like the the cam thing where you can do like a 30-minute call with them like them or them or another person. I can't remember what it's called, but like it's 50 bucks for an hour. That's that's literally the value that's been exchanged because just because you someone's seen you and they understand you and they recognize you, it doesn't mean that they're actually automatically going to trust you for the thing that you do. So, when you are using LinkedIn and you're getting all these red notification buttons and you're like, "Oh, I got like thousands of likes. This is amazing, man. I'm going to make so

[01:23:17] much money." It's an incorrect indicator of how much money you actually make. And I'm going to walk you through now what actually is the biggest indicator. How does it actually work? And then how do you build this really really strong personal brand so that people are like actually I trust this person that they're going to be able to help me with this outcome. And so they actually give you money. The reason why personal brand actually matters is because when someone is going to buy something expensive and in order for LinkedIn to work, you have to sell something expensive. If you sell like e-commerce and stuff, LinkedIn is not the place for you. it's something expensive, you know, more than $500. The

[01:23:52] reason personal brand matters is because when they are engaging with you, they are being like, okay, this is the offer and service that this person has, but if they don't have strong morals and if they live like a really weird life in your mind, you're like like they say that the offer is going to do this thing, but like I don't really know that they will. like the way they represent themsel online. It's like this is not somebody that I would interact with. And so, you know, if that isn't like, you know, personal brand is just the same offline as it is online. Like, you know, if you walked up to someone in the street and you like got an off feeling about them like are you actually going to buy something from them? Probably

[01:24:33] not. Like, you know, it's like the dodgy street vendors and stuff. You know, I went to Italy and they were kind of everywhere. It's like I'm not going to buy anything for you because it has this feeling of I don't really know. And so personal brand, which I'll walk you through how to build it now, it's like it's to remove that feeling from someone. Instead, it's like, you know, you see the person and you're like, "Oh, wow." Like, "Actually, I really like what they're doing with their life. They seem like a standup person. Okay, well, if they have this offer, it seems like they're probably going to be able to fulfill on the promise, and so I'll trust this person over the other people that are in the market." So, I'm going

[01:25:03] to walk you through now the seven parts that actually make up personal brand or what I call carrier trust and my formula. And I'm going to walk you through like my own personal brand through the seven points and give you my motives behind it. And then by the end of this section, you just think to yourself, okay, do I trust Matt more or do I tr trust Matt less? Cuz that's how I want to prove it to you. And as we're going through these seven points if you want to go along, just write down what are your points for each of the seven ones because this is the stuff that you want to be putting out there within your content. Cool. All right. So, let's get the old trusty iPad out. Okay. So, personal brand, I like to call carrier

[01:25:45] trust. The reason I like it carrier trust because you're the one carrying the trust for the person to be able to believe them. And so, I just I just prefer the different terminology. I think personal brand sounds a little bit woo woo and no one really need knows what it is. So, carrier trust is like cool, me, Matt, I'm carrying the trust around so people are like, "Oh, I believe this guy." So I'm going to walk you through all seven of the points of carrier trust and then I'm going to talk through each one step by step and how I actually work. So first point is you've done it. Second is why you care. Third is real life mess. Four is same every time. Five is skin in the game. Six is ahead not above. And seven is

[01:26:29] pick a side. So we're going to walk through each one step by step. And if you get all seven of these correct and you can fill it in and you'll be able to do it now just as a walkalong. Just write a couple of dot points this and you put this in your content, people will trust you more. And I'll talk you through it now. So first one is you've done it. And so like this one is one of the most important ones because you know I speak to a lot of parents out there and I was doing a podcast uh the agency podcast with this guy Dane Walker. um really awesome podcast I've done a couple of times there. You should definitely check it out. I was speaking to Dane and we were talking about this around like you've done it and he said,

[01:27:07] "Man, I really hate when non-parents give me parenting advice." Cuz we were talking about kids and having tantrums and stuff and he's like, "I can't stand it. Like, how can someone who's not a parent literally give me parenting advice?" And that's because you haven't been there. Like, you know, and I'm I'm not a parent. I wouldn't give everyone a parenting advice because I have no idea what I'm talking about when it comes to kids. Like I haven't lived the experience. And so when we say you've done it, have you lived it? Have you actually lived the experience? And so if someone says, you know, like, you know, I I went to Italy recently and you know, someone could say, okay, how was Italy? Oh, I went there. Here's my

[01:27:47] description. But like, you know, if someone's like, oh, how is this country, the one that I have been in, New Zealand? I'll be like, I don't really know how it is. And so, you need to make sure when you are talking about something around your personal brand that you've actually done it or you've done some part of it because so for me, what have I done? Well, I've sent tens of thousands of messages on LinkedIn. I think it was like 250,000 or something ridiculous. I booked 5,000 calls in the platform and I've coached like 2100 business owners on this. So, I've literally done it. I've booked the calls. I've posted content for 3 years. I've lived inside the platform and so like and because I've done it, someone

[01:28:25] would be more likely to trust me because then when we're having a conversation like and they speak about the nuance of LinkedIn and Sales Navigator and commenting and posting, I understand like all the lingo that's inside it. And when you when you've done it, you can't actually fake it. It's really difficult because if someone said to me, you know, if I started selling how to get leads on Instagram, I haven't really done it and I don't really do Instagram currently. And so if they started getting a conversation with me about the nuances of LinkedIn, you'd lose me like completely [snorts] or that they lose me. So yeah, so if you've got me talking about the nuances of Instagram, like you'd completely lose me. Like another

[01:29:01] example is you've done it. Like if you haven't say if you haven't done CrossFit before, for example, uh it's really hard for you to describe what does it feel like if you're doing Fran and what does it feel like when you get the lung burn when you're in the second set, you know, of the ch of the pull-ups and thrusters. because you haven't done it, you can't explain intricately what's inside it. And so if you try to have a conversation with someone around it, then they're going to immediately realize you're not really one of us. And so I see people doing all this time where they just pick an ideal client to reach out to and they're like, I want to work with financial planners. Well, have you ever

[01:29:37] spoken to any of them ever? No. Well, then how are you going to sell to them and speak to them? Well, I just I can just I can just sell them and speak to them. It's like they're not going to trust you when you talk to them. Like the way you got to do it is you got to tell them, "Hey, I've never worked with anyone, but I've done 200 hours of research and that's my live credibility and I have this expertise in this." So live credibility is really key. Just knowing that you've done it and it's just you can't replace this. And this is why going out there and actually doing things, you can't out AI your way through reality. Like it's impossible. It's why when you see people who are really fit, you're like, well, you

[01:30:14] had to lift the weight. Like, it had to actually occur. Like, and so that's why you have this level of respect and then humans can just see it and feel it and it just gets created. And a lot of this is subconsciously. It doesn't even happen consciously. Now, the second part is like why you care. This is really important and a lot of people don't put this inside their content. Like why are you doing what you're doing? What is the motive behind it? So this is like you know motive and this is really key and you know your motive could just be I want to get rich as That can be your motive but don't dart around it with some something that's not actually true. Just tell people that and be like that's what I

[01:30:57] want to do because then people like that's refreshing. Thank you so much. So like people ask me so what's my motive? Well my motive is that you know I grew up with small business owners. My dad's a panel beater. My uncle's a builder. My grandpa used to sell like jewelry and chemists, which was a random thing. They're all small business owners. And so my entire life I saw them struggling to get business. And I remember when I was younger, uh my dad was really stressed out. I was probably about 12 or 13 because in the panel beating business, he was going to lose like 80% of his work to these insurance companies. And I remember watching my dad struggle. And I remember seeing my dad, he spoke to someone who was a

[01:31:31] salesperson, you know, who told my dad the power of networking. And the way my dad built the business back up was he went to my mind and my brother's soccer games every week and he just network with a new parent and he got taught by, you know, the sales guy, hey, just be really interested in these people when you're having a conversation and then ask what you do. And so my dad would just walk up to people on the soccer field on on the side, hey, what's going on? And Matthew's kid, shake their hand, start talking to them, and just get really interested in them and their stuff. And then right at the end, they'd say, "What do you do, Gav?" And he'd be like, "I'm a panel beater." and they'd be like, "Oh my god, you're a not dodgy

[01:32:04] panel beater. This is crazy. Like panel beating is the dodgiest industry ever." And they'd be like, "Man, I'm going to send my cars to you." And through that, my dad got this family who's got about 150 cousins and they all send him work. And so, like, I saw that, you know, and then as I grew through my own professional life and I got into sales and I started helping businesses, cold calling, I realized that no small business owners understand how to actually generate their own leads. So my deep intrinsic motivation like obviously I want money and a better life for my family and stuff but you know exttrinsic motivation only gets you somewhere. My intrinsic motivation is like getting someone from the point of like I don't

[01:32:41] know how to generate leads to I can do it myself without relying on anyone else cuz that's what creates agency. And I think the the first stage of getting like control over your life a lot of the time is financial control. It's just the fact that you can predictably that make this much amount of money so you can then make decisions in your life. It's not even making crazy amounts of money. It's just that you have a sense of control. And so that's like why I care and my motive. And of course I like nice things. I like to go on holidays. You know, I'm going over to the US with my wife and then we're going to Bulgaria after. Like you know we've flown business class before. Sure. But like that only gets you so far. Like I don't

[01:33:18] even own a car. Like I literally just Uber everywhere. Like I don't give a about material things. And so what is my motive and why do I care? That's like why I care. And so you need to put that into your content. But if how why you care is just I want to make tons of money. That's totally fine. Just tell people that and then they expect it on the way through which creates a lot of trust. So the third part is what I like to call real life mess. And all this is is it's just the human test. People don't want to interact with robots. like they don't like people want to know that you are a human and just like Bill who I showed you before he's like I'm a dad of six from Oklahoma and you're like immediately you respect him

[01:34:04] more cuz he's like well him and his partner grew up and had to take care of six kids you must have a crazy life. So like just putting out there that you're human like you know that is something that's really really key and just talking about the real life mess and how hard it is. And so for me now like you know I'm here recording this YouTube video. I moved into a new house like a week ago. I'm just pretty stressed because like the house is still isn't unpacked and I got to do some challenge live calls with clients tomorrow and my YouTube studio isn't even set up and I'm feeling really guilty because I'm like man these people have joined for a oneweek challenge. I'm not even going to have my good studio

[01:34:40] set up. And so I'm like thinking about this stuff and struggling with it. You know, I've talked about how online how like I go to therapy and how I've have three therapists and how, you know, the first one helped me get out of like my anxiety hole when I was in 2019 when I had generalized anxiety disorder for like 6 months. Um, you know, my second therapist was the one who kind of like diagnosed me for some other things that I've actually got, which I had suspicions my entire life. And then the third one is like the one I speak to regularly who helps me through my stuff. And so that's like real life mess around things that I have. And so I'm not perfect. I would never expect to be. And just humans can't be perfect. And you

[01:35:15] got to put this into your content. And a really easy one is if someone's a parent, just talk about the struggles of parenting. Like it's it's such a big thing. It's a way to bond with people. And people bond over just It's just a mess what's actually happening. And so you need to add this into your content cuz if you don't, people don't think you're real. And it's really hard. And I know a lot of people get self-conscious. They're like, I don't want to share this stuff online. Like, you know, people are going to judge me. It's like, everyone has the same Like, and they're just going to see that you're real and you're human. No one buys from like the perfect ad copy. You know, they buy from like, "Oh man, this person's a human. I

[01:35:54] get it. They've been through stuff and don't want to share." But a real tip, you know, if you're thinking, "Okay, Matt, how do I know what to share online?" Just think to yourself, okay, what would I be comfortable sharing to a table of 12 people? So, if you're sitting at dinner, there's a table of 12 people and you're standing up, you're telling a story to everyone, what would you feel comfortable at telling them? If you are not comfortable about telling this table of 12 people something, do not post it online. That's the key. And over time, you may be more comfortable. You may see my content, you'll be like, why is this talking about therapists? What an idiot. Right? That's fine. But I'm comfortable talking about

[01:36:29] that, which is totally fine. And so it depends on your level of comfortability and don't push yourself too far. Don't do stupid vulnerability posts around crazy stuff. Like I remember like a client just thought, "Oh man, I've just got to be really vulnerable online." So he just talked about something really personal and he was so uncomfortable with it and he put it out there and his mates were texting him and he was like, "Man, I feel like so much like shit." It's like, don't put things out there if you don't feel good about it, which is really key. So that's real life mess. The next one is just same every time. And I'm really passionate about this. And I think this is where creator burnout happens. So there's a podcast, a

[01:37:09] Chris Williamson podcast with someone, and I'm not going to say who it is because I would never name names, but he's speaking to a creator and this creator is someone who tutors kind of like young men. And in the podcast, the creator kind of like admits it turns into like a therapy session. And he pretty much says to the guy, he's like, "Yeah, I'm finding it so hard to build content because I don't actually believe in what I'm saying. I just said it to get views." Literally, he's like, "I just said it to get views and I'm lying to myself, but the money is so good. I just have to keep going." And you I'm like, "How do you live that way?" Like, that's just like living a lie. Like, it's so difficult. And we just eat away

[01:37:50] at you. And so this same every time is just all about you showing up as you all the time. And this is like I'm not going to say authenticity because like everybody uses that word, but it actually is. It's just like if you just be yourself. And Sean behind the camera right now, he said to me before he's like, "Yeah, I think you're the key for your content that makes it really good is like you just are the same." Like like you're the way you're in person. And Sean was talking about how he met Caleb Rousston um who's like who used to be Hormos's like head of content guy and he's and I was like what impressed you so much about Caleb and he's like he was he was literally the same as he's on camera he's the same as

[01:38:28] he is in person and he's like I just think that that creates so much trust and you know we've been taught and programmed through society and through school and through working in jobs like you you know internal politics in companies this is why you know I could not stay within internal companies cuz I I can't do internal politics. politics, but just being kind of like unap apologetically you, because even if you don't match with someone, that's totally fine. And I'll give you an example of it. Like I've worked with two different clients. One's Pedro, um, a dad from Canada, and then there was Caitlyn. So, she's a mom from San Francisco. And I remember Pedro did a hot seat where he talked about, you know, he's made

[01:39:09] hundreds of thousands of dollars through our program. He's booking all these meetings. And he's just talking about how he did it. And I remember Caitlyn got up on the screen and she's like, "Pedro," and she asked him a question and she says, "Pedro, your content, like I actually get quite offended by some of your content. It's actually crazy." And I'll show you some of his content later. It's pretty hilarious, but can offend some people. She's like, "I get really offended by your content, but do you know what? I just respect that you have this opinion and you're the same every time. You you're just you." and like he's and they're actually friends now even though they have completely different views on stuff like but that's

[01:39:45] the thing when you just be yourself and you expect to know like people know who you are it's really easy and it just comes through your content and also people can feel if you're faking stuff like right now like even this scene right now I'm not I haven't scripted anything I just wrote down my key points I want to talk about and I'm just riffing to the camera but I'm riffing to Sean who's behind the camera like it's like I'm talking to him and I'm just being myself. And by doing this, this is the way how you just connect with other human beings cuz humans know when you're sitting there thinking, what do I say next? They may not like know it consciously, but they know it subconsciously. So being the same every

[01:40:22] time is really key. The fifth one is skin in the game. Like do you have something to lose? Like why do I have to trust you? And this is this happens through you representing and actually doing something. And so skin in the game it's like something to lose like and a lot of people what they do is they try to guard themselves too much and they don't take big actions cuz they're like man I'll fail with something cuz I'm scared of showing that I failed. But like I'll give you an example. So we we rented out this Airbnb. It's $2,100 for three nights. It's expensive, right? Yesterday I pretty much failed the filming filming thing. Like it was it was a pretty bad like yesterday we probably only got one hour of good content and

[01:41:08] now it's like Sunday and we've got to get like many hours and then Monday we have to stay for Monday morning too. But like skin in the game is like you know like we we've paid for this place. We have to do it. But it's like you have to show that like you have something to lose. And yesterday I feel like I lost and I was like man I feel like this is super hard and I had to like come back this morning. Hence why we're filming at 8:07 in the morning. We started at 700. But like skin in the game and having something to lose is like people don't talk about this enough and examples of this is you know if you do live calls. So if you get on to say YouTube or you know I do during our challenges I do six

[01:41:45] live calls every week. You can't fake that. Like it's impossible to fake. You can't fake that experience. And if you don't have any skin in the game or you may have skin in the game right now but you just don't share that you have skin in the game. people don't really know. And so, you know, I talk about having tons of live calls. I talk about, you know, one time I did a workshop pretty much for 10 hours straight. Two workshops, 5 hours. Like, I had the biggest sales day I've ever had. We did like I think it was like 70,000 Australian dollars or something like in a day. It was crazy. It was because I just did I got on my workshop and I was meant to go for two hours and I just stayed on the call for 5 hours. Then I

[01:42:19] had the second workshop was 2 hours and I stayed on for 5 hours. And people like, I'm literally signing up because like I joined this call like 5 hours ago and then I just rejoined after my meeting and you're still going and they're just like what the hell like and so like cuz I had skin in the game and I'm not wouldn't suggest anyone to do 10 hours cuz it it me up and my team's like please N can we never do it ever again. This was crazy like they were just like 8:00 at night but no it was like no I think it was like 10:30 or 11 at night. My wife was like what are you doing? but still still in the call. But like skin in the game is like matters a lot. Just showing that you actually like give a So that's the

[01:42:53] fifth one. The sixth one is ahead, not above. And so I think this is really key. I can't stand when people put like Lambo shots and all that on Instagram. I just think it's just disgusting. Like I think when people are on Instagram and they take like fake private jet photos, you know, in LA like you can go hire a fake private jet. Like literally a thing. It's just disgusting. It's like you're you're signaling that like I am like so much better than you and I'm ahead of you. And the only people that want to buy from those people are like the people a bit tapped in the head. Like who are they attracting? Well, they're attracting people in super vulnerable states. And then also people who are just the up narcissists. And what

[01:43:31] happens? Like this is the same as network marketing and pyramid schemes and all this kind of stuff. The people who win are the narcissists on the top who manipulate the vulnerable people. And so like a head nod above is really key. It's status signaling. And so you want to show that like I'm the same as you. Like I am the same person as you. And I was I was speaking to Sean before this being like, "Do I wear my Rolex?" Because like it means a lot to me because my wife's dad gave me the Rolex. It's a Submariner if you know what that is. I don't own any other watches by the way. I'm not a watch person. But he gave it to me and it was like from the '90s and it means a lot to me. But we're talking about like no like

[01:44:03] we want to connect with the audience. I'm going to wear a garment because this is actually what I wear on my wrist. I only put the Rolex on when I go out at night with my wife and stuff to look good. I don't even change the time on it. Like I think the battery is even dead. I don't even know that's a thing on a Rolex. But like I don't even change the time. The time's wrong. I never even look at it. It's just a thing that I do. But it means a lot to me. But I want to signal that I'm like ahead, not above, you know? Like I when I grew up, like I grew up pretty well off on the city's northern beaches, but you know, my parents were blue collar. My dad was a panel beater. My mom was a dental nurse

[01:44:33] assistant. You know, I dropped out of school when I was 16. I around heaps of times. I used to be a manager at KFC, managing pizza shops, like you know, I was a barista for ages. Like that was like my life. I only got to this within my past few years where I feel like I've had some good amount of success. But like you want to share that stuff. So it's like, hey, we're not any different because we're not cuz like humans in our brains, we're the exact same. Like same thing. It's just like people are slightly different based off their situations and decisions. So you want to show that you're ahead someone and not above them. And then the last thing is, you know, picking a side. Like this is really key. So what do you

[01:45:09] actually stand for? And this is really key. And so you can probably tell for me speaking right now, what do I stand for? I'm pretty direct. Like I'm I stand for what I really don't like is I really don't like people who admit that they don't have like agency. It it upsets me because I feel like within my life until I was probably like 29, I feel like I didn't have agency around my life and it took me like to have a six-month breakdown and moving home with my parents to actually feel like, oh man, like I have agency. So, the thing that I'm really against is I'm against people not being able to take control of their life and having agency because that like really upsets me because it reminds me

[01:45:49] about myself. So the thing that I really stand for is like I truly believe that if you're a business owner you like the number one job what you should need to do is to be able to make it rain. Make it rain doesn't mean with money just leads. You have to be in a position where you can create a crazy amount of demand for your business. Because if you can create a crazy amount of demand then you don't need to worry about that shitty client. Like I I was speaking to my mate Jamie and he was saying he was speaking to his friend who owns an agency here in Sydney and he said oh I think it was um I won't name who it is cuz someone might connect it but like he's like yeah he got a call from his client on Saturday night while I was out

[01:46:25] with the family for dinner and the call the client was screaming at him and he has to work with that person because they don't have enough demand. And I just think so many problems in life people get divorced because of finances like having bad finances. If you look at Maslo's hierarchy of needs, which we won't get into, right? But like if someone has like crippling finances or crippling health or, you know, wars and things around them, it's not possible for them to get out of the thing because their brain is invaded by so many things. And myself included cuz I experienced that. I didn't grow up really bad. It wasn't not like that at all, but I just felt like I didn't have options and choices and stuff. And so my

[01:47:04] side is like the number one thing you have to do when you start your business is don't even worry about delivery or anything. You just have to generate tons of leads. And the only way you can do that is you have to speak to dozens if not hundreds of people in your in your tribes you're marketing to. And then based on these conversations, then you make content to help them. And then you kind of build a role and you're trying to become a nano celebrity to these people you you work with. And so this is like super duper important. So picking a side of where you stand for. And now do not post religious or political things online cuz that's divisive. So this is not the site that you're picking. Although you can you can

[01:47:39] share that you want. It's free free country in Australia. You can do that. Just but they're not the things you want to do cuz they're like divisive things. But you want to pick things where people are like, "Oh, that's a different viewpoint. That's kind of a contrarian opinion." So just to recap all seven before we get to the next section is, you know, first part is like you've done it. Like have you lived it? Have you done the thing? And if you haven't, tell people you haven't done the thing, but actually put in some effort. So if you're starting your business and you want to work with the financial planners, say, "Hey, I've, you know, get on a call with someone and help them for free or buy them Uber Eats or go have

[01:48:12] lunch with them just to ask them questions." And then you can say to someone, "Hey, in the past week, I I had lunch with five financial planners and I really want to start working with one client on a trial basis. Um, would you would you be open to me working with you for free?" I f I guarantee you that a financial planner is going to be like, "Wow, you went out and met five people." Yeah, I'll give you a chance and you'll find someone who actually do it. Now, second part is like why you care. If people don't know your motives, they're not going to trust you. They don't know. They think there's something hidden in the dark. It's like the enemy you know is better than the enemy you don't know,

[01:48:42] which is really clear. And if you just want to make boatloads of money, tell people that because then they'll know. Then there's real life mess like are you a human? I don't think I really need to talk too much on that. Then are you the same every time? Don't fake yourself online. Just don't. It's is unsustainable and it's really tempting to do because if you fake it, you can get more views, but you just don't do it. Like everything that's coming out of my mouth right now, there's no filter. It's just happening. The thought to speak is the key to actually building up consistent brand online and just without you burning out. I don't believe in creative burnout. The creator burnout is literally when you just say things you

[01:49:19] don't even believe, which if you you everyone will burn out if they're doing that. It's um then it's got skin in the game. What have you got to lose? Ahead, not above. Really key because the only people who if you're posting Lambo stuff, the only people you attract is number one, narcissists. Number two, insecure people as who they're praying on these people, which I think is disgusting and so many people do that. So head not above and then pick a side. So, what do you actually stand for? Because people don't trust people if they don't know where they stand. And just like I mentioned before, Pedro and Caitlyn, completely different opinion, views, but if they head in the same city, they will go hang out with them

[01:49:58] because they have completely different views, but they respect the fact that you have a strong view. Like it's it's really really important. And just remove the religion and politics from it because that's where, you know, division can kind of come in. But if someone has views on something like I do, someone might be like, "No, I don't agree with that at But that's totally fine. But you would still respect the fact that I have a highly convicted view cuz I've really thought through this like what are my principles and what I actually stand for. We just went through the seven parts around like you know how to build your personal brand to actually get people to trust you. A lot of people talk about trust and it's kind of like

[01:50:31] very woo woo and they're like how do you actually build trust? I I wrote a book on trust about a year ago called selling build trust. How to get clients without feeling like a manipulative weirdo. You can get a blow. All my books are completely for free. Like you literally click one link, they're on a site. It's all free. You can get access to them. But in that book, I came up with this thing called the six gates of trust because I really want to like operationalize trust. I know Hozi talks about this a lot where he says like how but how do we operationalize it? How do we actually like do it? This is going to be a really great way to walk you through like how it actually works because I don't think people do a good

[01:51:07] job actually breaking it down. And I'm going to show you the two sides of it and how they relate cuz then you can think through, okay, where am I? Which gate is each person in in relation to the buying cycle right now. I've actually built a six gates of trust AI tool. I'll actually link it below and you can actually you can put the conversations that you're having with someone and it shows you where they are at these gates. So before we get into like the mechanics of building trust, I need to walk you through what people get wrong when it comes to content and building trust. Because if you miss this part, it's it's a mistake that 90% of people actually make. So, in order to show you this, illustrate the point, I

[01:51:42] need to use a couple of trusty props. And so, we've got panadol over here. And so, if you're in the US, I don't know if you guys got panadol, but this is like your aspirin. It's like to fix a headache. And we've got fish oil tablets. Everyone knows what fish oil tablets. We're all told to take this bad boy. So, my wife, you know, her, you know, doctors told her, you know, you got to take fish oil tablets just like every doctor. but she's not taking it and it's really hard to convince her to actually take the fish oil tablets. And I don't know about you guys, but it's hard to convince myself to take fish oil tablets. The only way I can take them is I I stick it in my bathroom and say every time I'm brushing my teeth like I

[01:52:16] got to take the fish oil. But like the reason why people don't take fish oil tablets is because there's no acute pain associated with the thing. It's like if you don't take the fish oil tablet, you don't feel the consequence. Like you don't actually understand. There's no there's no reality associated with not taking it. Of course, like later on if you get sick in life or whatever, but you're never going to correlate that to the fish oil, which is really hard. And most people what they do is they put out fish oil content. Like it there's no correlation to any like there's no cost if somebody doesn't take the thing. The type of content you need to be putting out is panadol content because you know

[01:52:55] the other morning my wife had a really bad headache. She's like, "Matt, can you get me a panadol like from from the bed?" And I'm like, "All right, I'll go get it." And I bring her in the panol and she immediately takes it because panadol or like pain has to do with your actual reality. And so content that you talk about and you put together and you're putting out there, it needs to be the type the type of content that builds trust, especially initially, is the type of content that shows people's reality. Just like we mentioned before, there's the two hooks. says one hook is Mr. Beast flies to Mars with Elon Musk to look at his hundred billion dollar house, right? That would be a crazy hook. Or your childhood home. Well, your

[01:53:37] childhood home, you're like, well, I have a sense of reality there. Like, I have a feeling of being in my childhood home, emotions associated with it. Like, I can understand it. I can conceptualize the thing. So, and that's the panadol because panadol, you know, you have a headache, you're like, I need to take the panadol to feel better to change my reality. It understands my reality and it can alter my reality. And then only after you've built enough trust with someone, you know, given them enough panadol to fix the immediate things of understanding their reality, only then can you get them to take the fish oil because the fish oil is the second part of building trust. And yeah, the fish all is like once you have a client or

[01:54:16] someone you're working with and you know they trust you've gotten the outcomes, then you're like, "Look, by the way, you've got to be having the fish all like you've got to be taking fish all." And they're like, "You know what? I trust this person. I'm going to be taking the fish all." Cool. All right. So, I'm now going to walk you through the six gates of trust. Going to pull the iPad back up and we're going to walk through step by step. Once people have seen this that I've worked with, this has been like an unlock especially to their DMs, not just their content. when I walk through it and it's been an unlock where they've finally had that Eureka moment where they're like, "Oh, I actually understand the LinkedIn DMs and

[01:54:47] they actually understand how to build trust with people and how it works." And just remember all the stuff I've got the AI tool and the six gates of trust below. If you just click the link, you can get access to it. So, I'm now going to show you how to actually operationalize trust. So, actually embed it into your content, embed into your DMs. I'm going to walk you through how to do it through the six gates of trust model. So, this is a model that I mentioned before. I wrote in my book, Sailing, Build Trust. Uh, how to get clients without feeling like a manipulative widow. And yes, I'm very proud of that title. I thought it was hilarious. So, the six gates of trust. And I promise you this segment,

[01:55:24] like, you know, it takes it's going to take a little bit to understand, but once you do understand this, like you're going to have like an unlock eureka moment and you're going to be like, "Ah, I get it." Now, when you're building trust, I look at trust as a spectrum. So, if we're looking from left to right and somebody either is a complete stranger to you and they're the people who you trust the absolute least, right? So, you don't know them from a bar or so, nothing in common, a complete stranger, you don't trust them. Or the other end of the spectrum is what I call an identity ally. So, I'll just say I a identity ally is like I think about like my wife, my my siblings, you know, my family. like there's the people who I

[01:56:04] truly trust who are who I tell other people about. Another example of an identity ally would say I'm talked about Alex Hoszi and him having an influence on me and so I'm talking about his principles and what he does some things I agree and some things I disagree with but I would consider myself an identity ally towards him based off how he has helped me now in some elements in life but in the business context. And so what your goal is, your whole entire goal of content and DMs is to take people and a whole bunch of people who don't really know you and to get them to the point where they start telling other people about your stuff. That's the whole entire point. This is content, DMs, personal brand, carrier trust in a

[01:56:49] nutshell. Cuz if you have thousands of people that are like, "Yo, that's that's the person you got to go to that person." That's when word of mouth referrals kick in, which is the state that everybody wants. So, when we're thinking about trust, there's six gates of building trust. And what's really key is that in order for you to go go to gate six, you have to have all of the other gates open. The really big mistake people make is they try to throw in throw in like crazy guarantees and they're like, "Hey, but you know, but you know, I'll I'll work for you for for free for two weeks. You know, it's fine. There's there's no risk." But when that happens, you're trying to signal someone to make a decision. So, you're at gate

[01:57:29] five, but gate 1 2 3 and four isn't even open. And so, all of the gates need to be sequentially open in order for you to move to the next one. So there's no point trying to give someone a guarantee if they don't even think that you're credible. There's no point. And so you've got to make sure that each gate is open and it's a sequential opening of these gates. And if you do open these gates and below I've got an AI tool to assist you doing it, that is what actually creates trust with another human being. So the first gate that thing we walk through is the gate which is just called is this real? People are generally thinking to themselves when they see something, they're like, "Is this actually a real thing?" And so if

[01:58:13] you go on Instagram and you're like, and this is your ad, which I see these ads all the time, hey, I'll book you 30 calls in the next 7 days and if we don't do that, I'll give you $5,000 and I'll fly your entire family to Disneyland. You see that and immediately in your mind you go, "Bullshit." You go, "That's not real." Like and so but according to offer equations and the best offer stacks, right? That's should 100% work. It's an offer. It's too too good to people who feel stupid saying no, but like it's not real. Someone doesn't consider it even a real thing. And so you have to make sure within your content that it's real. That's why when people are writing like obviously AI written content, it doesn't work. Now,

[01:58:56] I'm not saying AI content is bad. You can make really great AI content, but if you have generic, bland, non-tribal AI content where you're like, you know, the the most important thing about leadership isn't IQ, it's EQ, and it's like you just pull out this thing out of your ass and you just pull out and chat GBT and you put it there. Someone's like, that's not even real. Like, what are you talking about? Like, and so they don't trust you. There's no there's no established trust even built. And so, making sure what you put out there is real is super key. It's like when you watch a YouTube video that's like obviously superscripted and you're like this just like feels like really weird. Like I don't think the person's

[01:59:32] telling the truth. It doesn't feel like it's attached to reality. And so if it's not, human beings don't trust it if it's not actually real. So that's the first gate. So we have to open this gate first. This gate must be open. And if the real gate's not open, people won't move to the next gate. So after the gate is open, they think it's real. They're thinking to themselves, is this for me? Like, is this content for somebody like me? And that's where interests align. And that's where we start getting into the tribal content where they're like, is this something that actually aligns? Should I be looking at this based off me and my specific situation? And if it's not for them, why would they look at it?

[02:00:14] Like, they're not actually going to look at it. And they're not going to build any trust there because they won't even like see the content and like resonate with it. So, you know, if I saw a piece of content that's about golf, I don't really like golf. I hate golf. My mate Greg freaking loves golf. I hate golf. And so, because of that, I'm not really going to even look at the thing cuz I'm going to be like, "That doesn't really have anything to do with me." And so, it's not really going to build any trust like at all. And so, you need to make sure that when say when you're putting stuff out, content, DMs and stuff, they're like, "This is for them." A really big mistake that people make in the DMs is they send a really bland

[02:00:48] template message to people when I receive those in my mind. I'm like, "Okay, it's come from a real person, but I'm like, was this addressed to me? I don't even know." Like I like, "Was this actually meant to go to someone else?" I'm actually really confused. And so when you send a really generic templated message, people genuinely don't know it's for them. On LinkedIn, everyone gets the really shitty VA company messages. It's like, "Hey, where this VA company?" It's like a massive paragraph and the person's like, "Is that for me or is that for like 2,000 other people? I don't really know." And so immediate distrust. See you later. And so this is where, you know, personalization comes in. This is where marketing to tribes

[02:01:24] comes in. Is it actually for them? Are you addressing it to the correct person? So you have to open this gate up. Otherwise, people just don't care because, you know, if they're not interested in the thing, it's not going to matter. And you know, if you be really specific in the message and they're not interested in it, that's good. That means that they can just opt out. You don't want to live in the land of ambiguity. Now, the third gate is my favorite gate, and I named it like this because I think it's funny. It's the snowflake gate. So, everybody in the world thinks that they're a special snowflake and that their special snowflake situation that nobody can solve. This is why niching down to

[02:02:00] tribes matters so much. So, like we had the physio example before. If the phys if someone's like, I'm a physiootherapist. I'll fix your shoulder injury. The CrossFit person, the dad who does CrossFit on cities, Northern Beaches is going to be like, "Yeah, but I'm a special snowflake. Do you actually understand my specific situation?" Like, do you? And if they don't think so, they're not going to trust them. But if the person who's a physio says, "I'm a physio for CrossFit dads on Sydney's on the beaches." Immediately they go, "Well, you're going to understand my special snowflake situation." Even though if someone's done 5 years training as a physio, they can probably fix the shoulder problem, right? It's

[02:02:37] the same thing. It doesn't actually matter. But that's where the point of marketing to tribes matters because if you don't, people are literally left questioning. But can you help me? I don't think so. I don't really I can't see any of my reality in that content. And so if you don't do the snowflake gate, then people are genuinely like won't come to you. And a huge issue that people do is because they don't niche down to market to tribes. What happens is they produce content and people go, "It's real. it's for me. I don't really think you understand my specific situation and they leave. But you can't get inbound leads from content unless someone feels like you understand their specific situation that they're going

[02:03:18] in. So most people when it comes to content, they don't even open the first gate cuz they they just got posting shitty chat GBT that's for no one, right? So you don't even open the first gate of trust. But some people what they do is like, okay, they're putting out okay content, personal things about their life. Sure, that's good. you've opened the second gate, but then when it comes to like who you serve, someone reads your content like I'm still I don't really know. You don't understand my special snowflake situation. So they they can't move through the gate. They can't trust you more. And that's why when I speak to a lot of people, they're like, "Oh, you know, but when I start talking to someone, they understand what

[02:03:54] I do and then they start working with me." Yes. Because when they talk to you, you you you move through all the gates because they're like, "Oh, they understand my special snowflake situation." Because in the dialogue of the conversation, they're like, "Oh, you get me. Like, you actually get me and you understand me." You know, we resonated on parents like being both being parents, we resonated on you've worked with other people like my marketing agency before. Okay, you understand it. But like the problem with dialogue is dialogue takes time. And if you want inbound leads, you you want people to read your content and be like, "Holy that's for me." And then they want to talk to you. And so that's

[02:04:26] how you know if your content if you're actually marketing to tribes or not. If you have people inbound leads coming in and your ideal clients connecting with you. If you don't, they're not passing the snowflake gate. And the most important part about this gate and I'm not going to spend too much time on the right because the left is the most important. The part about this is that this is the panadol gate. This is the external reality gate. And I'll walk you through again. So remember the panadol with my wife. So my wife had a pain in reality. So she's got a headache. It hurts. It's my reality. It's real. Then she's like, I will take panadol to get rid of this. These three gates are the reality gates. If someone

[02:05:12] doesn't feel that you understand their reality, they won't trust you. So, what I mean by that is if I'm the physio to CrossFit dads on the northern beaches, I can talk about the beline double-decker bus. I can talk about what it's like to be a parent. I can talk about ripping your hands on Fran during CrossFit. These CrossFitters then will be like, "You understand my reality." And I'll I call this painting your house. Like, think about the childhood home, painting your house. And we'll go this through content later. And later on when we walk through content like if you make these tiny tweaks like a recruiter did that like last week one of my clients and they got like 10 meetings booked inbound

[02:05:52] on their calendar as a recruiter. So just by making these tiny tweaks paint your house framework but you need to talk about their actual reality and the way you do that is you talk about real life things and the only way you can talk about real life things in someone's reality is if you market to tribes. For example, if you're marketing to a CrossFitter, they think about the word box, which is the gym. So, if I say to a CrossFitter, box, they think gym. That's what they think in their mind. And that's their reality of what it is. If you're marketing to an Australian, and you say the the 2000 Olympics, every Australian be like a sense of pride that we had, they remember like everyone marching out, they remember Kathy

[02:06:35] Freeman running the 400 and like winning it. It's like you're like, I have this reality because that's real. And so in your content, if you don't market to tribes, if you pick an ICP and you're like, okay, 30 to 45 year old men, CEOs in Sydney, what can you talk about that all of them have in common? 100%. What can you talk about that they all have these things in their bag? They all have these things on their computer. They they live this certain type of life. That's their reality. So you could be like, well, they're all in a boardroom and they all have MacBooks and they all have, you know, stressful lives. So does the other eight billion people in the world, right? Everybody else has a MacBook or a Windows or a laptop. So

[02:07:19] you're not actually signaling to a tribe. The tribe is key because if someone's in a tribe, so if someone's in a parent, if someone is a parent, like my brother and my brother and um his partner are parent now, you know, they've got the rage cage in the lounge room. The rage cage is the baby cage and everyone like every parent knows when the child gets to a certain point you got to get the rage cage set up. So if they say rage cage in their content a parent's going to be like ah that thing like you know if I speak to different people and if you don't speak to this tribal language then people won't be like you don't understand my reality even though you may and the only way to speak about someone's reality is if you

[02:07:57] market someone who chooses a tribe. So if you market and you talk about, you know, ripping your hands on Fran to a CrossFitter, that's their reality. But if you choose gymgoers, what are you going to talk about that's consistent within the tribe? You don't know. Like CrossFit has a specific thing, but gym goes, I don't know what type of gym go. I don't know what's in their bag. I don't know what they're experiencing. So you have to guess. It's the same with a place tribe. If I choose Sydney's Northern Beaches as a place, I can talk about the nuances of the beline bus. But if I market to the world, well, what does the world have in common? Maybe we'll talk about the moon. No one correlates themselves to the moon.

[02:08:36] That's not they're not their reality. Last one being a circumstance tribe. If someone's a parent, you can talk about the things they have within their life. It it breaks geography and breaks borders. But here, if you don't get this right, and in your content, if you don't use nouns and pronouns that are things people have in their bag, on their computer, that's exclusive to them, you can't create trust through your content. It cannot occur because the gates can't open. So, this is really, really important to go through. So that's what we call the panadol world or that's the outer world or somebody's reality because if you can't describe what it's like for them right now they're not going to trust you to take the fish oil

[02:09:21] later you know you've got to describe this for the panadol then you get to the fish oil probably pull the fish oil up keep talking about the fish oil cool and it looks really weird I know cuz one's super big and one's small but whatever the impact of the panol is actually this big the impact of the fish oil is this big so the next part is let's say we've gone through so the content is real, it's for me, and they understand my special snowflake situation. This is where inbound leads start happening. This is where someone's like, "Oh, I want to actually inquire and understand more about this thing." And they start conversations. So the point of this is then this is the risk situation. So risk, they're like, "Okay, cool.

[02:10:01] So it's real. It's for me. I'm snowflake. What's the risk if I go forward and do this?" And this is where they're getting to understand like who you are, who you've worked with before, you know, what you know, do you have case studies? Is there social proof? What's the actual risk? Cuz they're going through, okay, you probably know my external reality, but next next they're trying to find out, do you understand my internal reality? So, do you understand the nuance of what I'm going through right now? So, you understand like my external reality, but do you understand my internal reality? And this is where people are weighing up the risk of like, okay, is it going to be worth moving ahead? This is usually

[02:10:42] where the sales conversations happen. The sales conversations start at the risk phase cuz like I want to talk to the guy or gal to be like, okay, I I need to ask a few of these questions to get a good understanding. Now, some people who have really really good content can actually go past the risk gate through the content and through offer dos and stuff. But for most people, this is where the sales call happens where you're having a conversation where they're like, I feel like I'm being derisked because I have these specific situ like specific questions about my type of situation, which is just really important. So, now that I've gone through the risk part, I have to talk about referrals because of

[02:11:16] the 2100 or so people I've worked with, all of them say, "Hey, Matt, my close r's great. I've got a 70% close rate on referrals, but content marketing doesn't work for me." And that's probably you right now. And that's literally everyone. I need to show you now like why this occurs and how we fix it. Everyone that I've ever chatted to about referrals who who've grown their business referrals, they say, "I don't need help closing. I close 70% of my deals." But then what they do is then they run Facebook ads, they use LinkedIn or whatever, and they're like, "I can't close anything." And like there's a huge there's a big issue here which we need to go through. So, the reason why you close so many referrals is because when

[02:11:55] the referral comes to you, the referral has already passed through gate 4. And so, all you need to do is have a chitchat. They do the weirdo test. And then they're like, "Okay, cool. Here's the proposal. We'll close the deal." So, what happens is most people, especially people have their business for 10, 15, 20 years, this is really common. They've grown the entire business off referrals and they're like, "Content marketing doesn't work for me. It doesn't work for me in my business." But the problem is the way you market through content marketing is not the way you market through getting referrals. If you get a referral from someone, the person who's referring you has already said, "This person, Joe, is real. Joe

[02:12:41] understands you in your specific situation cuz I'm like you and Joe did some good work with me." And so immediately the person is like, "Okay, 1 2 3 4." Well, I just got to speak to them to see if it's the right time to take the action right now. That's it. That that's all they have to do. And so when you get a referral, all you need to do is you need to just move them a little bit this way to get past gate five and that's when they give you the money. And so that's why whenever I speak to pretty much every small business owner ever, they're like, "Oh yeah, I just meet with someone for like 45 minutes. I understand what they need. I send a proposal and I have a 70% close rate." But content marketing doesn't

[02:13:16] work for me. That's because what you're trying what you're doing for referrals is not the thing that you do for content marketing. It's not it doesn't work the same way because for content marketing, you know, if you run an ad on Facebook or if you do LinkedIn outreach, if you if you use this, if someone comes to you here, you know, they pass maybe gate one, maybe even gate two and they're like they have an inquiry with you or they want to talk to you, you get all excited. and you're like, "Oh, if I just share them my proposal, they're going to close the deal." But what happens is they only move this far. You only get them through one more gate. And then you try to take their money and they're

[02:13:52] like, "No, what are you talking about? Like, I'm not even ready because you need to get them much further up the line." And so if this is you right now, which I know it is because I've just worked with so many people with referrals, you can't market the same way that you did for referrals that you do with content marketing. So if you're stuck in this trap right now, yes, content marketing works for your business. You just haven't done it the right way. And that's totally fine. You just need to go through the tribal section and through the content section next because I've just seen this time and time again. So now we've walked through the risk gate. So the risk gate is when they get on a call with you and

[02:14:30] they're like they're doing the weirdo test and they're getting to understand you. They're like, you know, is this is this going to be something for me? You have the meeting with them. They're like, okay, cool. The next gate is just the now gate. This is just the inertia gate. All it is is like if you meet with them, they're like, okay, why do I make the decision now? This is where closing tactics happen. This is where you give a guarantee. This is where you add urgency and scarcity and all these things to get the person to make a decision. This is where you say to them like, "Hey, look, if you want to start Monday, I'll throw in this extra thing for you." And they're like, "Yeah, actually, let's

[02:15:06] start Monday." So, you're trying to create the inertia for them to say yes now while they're in that heightened emotion state and they're like about to make that decision. And so all these like videos you see on closing tactics on like how to close them and you know objection handling and all these things all they are is they're just the friction between you know getting through gate five. That's that's the only thing that's actually happening. But most people is they watch these videos. You probably watch these videos and you're like you're trying to do these closing tactics and stuff. You can't close someone who hasn't evaluated you for risk. You you can't hormosy offer your way out of someone if they

[02:15:49] still think you're dodgy. It doesn't work. And so the only time you need to use the now stuff, this is where the closing tactics come in, is to get them to take the leap of faith to actually make the decision. And this is where good closers do it because they identify, okay, we can really solve this problem. The only one, you know, in this person's way is themsself. They're holding themsel back and so I have to help them make the decision to make it good for them. And that's where you throw in bonuses, guarantees, all the whole mozzy offer stuff. But that stuff doesn't work at all if they don't think you're real, if they don't think it's for them, if you don't understand the situation, and if they still think it's

[02:16:26] risky. So anything pregumb. But if someone trusts you and they feel like, okay, this is a legitimate person, that's when you can say to them, cool, and we'll get you 30 calls in 7 days, and if we don't, we'll pay you five grand and send your kids to Disneyland. And then that's when they're like, "Cool. Yeah, yeah. Let's do it." But they have to get them to that point, which is really key. And that's the now equation. And so this is when the dollars get exchanged. All these gates are open. The dollars get exchanged. Now, the last gate is the U gate. And this is the most important gate for your business because if you deliver a service, people won't tell other people about your stuff. And so you'll constantly be in the process

[02:17:10] of acquiring new customers through marketing. So the you gate is really key. That's when people use your stuff or get to know you and they can't help but tell other people about your stuff because it's been so useful within their life and it's shaped and changed their reality. So just like Albano, my client who's a stay-at-home dad making 30 to 40 grand a month. When I was first chatting to him, it was about two years ago. We're chatting on WhatsApp and it took him two months to work with me and I was helping him make the decision. I I chatted to him about that recently and he's like, "Man, I remember we were chatting and I was like saying how I was like in the hotel room WhatsAppapping him." Like he is someone who thinks to

[02:17:51] himself now, "Fuck, I'll tell everyone about Matt's stuff. Why would I not?" He this changed my reality. He he was able to take me from being like a struggling stay-at-home dad with two kids while my wife's working full-time to me bringing home heaps of money, taking pressure off my wife, giving my family a better life. Man, I'm going to tell them about these things. And this is why your your product or what you do and delivering on your service really matters because that once you get the you part sorted, this just creates a flywheel effect of people telling more people and moving them across. And if we remember right from the beginning, the entire purpose of this whole thing of your entire business

[02:18:31] is for you. Let's say this is you and we'll go you. You want to move. So that's not you. These are the people you sell to. We'll still use you. Whatever. I'm not good at drawing, by the way. So I'm self-conscious about this. I'm letting you know. I'm doing that to hopefully build some more trust with you. But uh this is the part where it's like these are the people you want to move as many people over here as possible because if you move a ton of people here especially the gate six other people start telling other people about your stuff. If you think about Alex Hozi, the best example about this, he did this like craziest thing when he did the like, you know, the leads launch, the money models launch.

[02:19:09] Everyone's like, "Did you see the thing?" I was like messaging my mate Jamie at like 2:00 in the morning. We're awake. Cuz in Australia, US doesn't, you know, the US doesn't think of Australia's time zone. So, we've always got to wake up at like 2:00 a.m. to watch it. I was up. I was watching. I was This is crazy. We got up for coffee in the morning. We're talking about it. We chatted to some random people on the street about it because it was just so awesome. We got so much value from it. we really enjoyed it. That's where you want to be. But the only way that you can do this is if you try to become a nano celebrity to the tribes you market for. Like if I'm a physio and I want to help everyone, it's

[02:19:44] really difficult for people to be like, oh, you can help me. But if I'm like, no, I'm going to own the space of CrossFit dads in Sydney. That's it. And I'm just going to literally, and there might be like, you know, 5,000 10,000 CrossFit dads in Sydney. you become so impactful with these people, they tell everybody about it and then all of these people are going to trust you and just give you the money and that's when you don't even really need to market. Like it it's not even a thing because other people tell each other about this stuff. And so this is the way how you operationalize trust and how you need to walk people through each gate before it. And there's no point in making some crazy hormone offer if someone doesn't

[02:20:24] think you understand their specific situation or if they're still doing the weirdo test and they're still assessing risk on you. So, you know, below there's going to be an AI tool which like you can put in your DM chats, you can put in your conversations, you can put in entire sales calls if you want. It'll tell you what gate you're actually at. And then you just have to know, okay, if it's the risk gate, how do I reduce the risk for this person? Okay, if it's the now gate, how do I get them over the line? And so, all you've got to do is actually put it here. But just remember, you can't take someone to get them to buy from you if you don't fix this stuff in the beginning. So, I'm just going to

[02:20:58] show you a couple of props right now to so you can understand how to implement special snowflake into your content because I think if you see it, it makes it a lot easier. So, all we're thinking with special snowflake is we're thinking about nouns and pronouns. nouns and pronouns because as we went through the tribal content before they have a higher level of meaning to different people and if I you take the first one for example Tim Tams now every Aussie knows arnuts and they know Tim Tams so if you want to sell to Australia Australians you could talk about how you know do you prefer your Tim Tams in the fridge or out of the fridge every Aussie is going to think to themselves like well you know I

[02:21:40] like it in the fridge I like it out of the fridge Well, I like it in, my wife likes it out of the fridge. Also, do do you know what the double coat Tim Tams are? And people are like, "Oh, double coat." Like, everyone knows that. And so, you know, this is a bonding way that if you talk about Tim Tams online, someone will know you market to Aussies. You are an Australian. And so, that's if your niche is Australian. The thing about the Australian market is like, you know, let's say there's 25 million people. So, this is obviously a bigger tribe, but it's still a tribe that has a thing which they have shared, you know, shared objects and language. The second one is LMNT. So, every CrossFitter and probably

[02:22:18] triathlete knows what LMNT is. So, if you put into your content supplements, people would be like, "What supplement?" But if you say LMNT to someone who's doing Hyrox, they know what this is. They know it has like 1,000 milligs of sodium. They know you got to drink multiple liters of water per day. This has a lot of meaning attached to them. And it has a meaning attached to me because I'm training for Hierrox. I'm in the Hierrox tribe and I know, you know, if I forget to bring this to my training session when I'm doing like a lot of Metcon stuff, like I'm pro I might even get a headache at the end if I don't get hydrated enough. So if I say LMNT in my content, if I'm selling to people from Hyrox, they will resonate hard with

[02:23:00] this. And so this is meaning inside it. So you don't write supplements, you write LMT in the content. So you put the actual pronouns and the nouns in the post because then each word you say has a higher level of meaning towards that person. And that's a tribe of maybe like a million people. Maybe do high rocks and they're going to resonate. So 25 million, a million people. Now I'll go even smaller, tiny tribe of like a hundred people. So I'm part of this group called Boardroom. The guy Taki Mo runs it. There's only a hundred people inside it. There's people like Ali Abdal and Ryan Dyson, massive people inside it. I pay a lot of money to be inside the room. And the only people that would understand this tribal object and the

[02:23:44] the like the impact of it are the people who were at the boardroom event in cans a month ago. Nobody else would understand it. And so if I put a photo of this online or I talked about this object or this name badge or things that happened there, the 100 or so people at that tribe would immediately recognize that and they'd know that I'm one of us. Some other people might also know what boardroom is. And so that might be another thing. But this is another part where it's like, okay, if I'm marketing to tribes, I can go a very big tribe, kind of a middle tribe, or even a tiny tribe. But to the people who were here because this was the thing they wore around their neck for three days straight. It's like this has a lot of

[02:24:24] meaning and this you know if I talked about this and I took me back to like you know when we went to lunch and I had spaghetti bolognese with Ali Abdal that was like a really meaningful time for me. So if I see this hence why I brought it with me it has a high level of meaning attached to it. Like before when we talked about how you know if you see your child at home it has a level of meaning. The word lanyard supplements and chocolate biscuits means nothing to anyone. It has no correlation. So if you put that in your content, you'd have no idea. But if I said something like uh you know remember at boardroom when I had, you know, the boardroom event when I had spaghetti bolognese with Ali Abdal, people from the boardroom event

[02:25:02] would would have that or that we'd say something like remember when we all went to lunch and we found out you could get salads and you didn't have to have carbs and because everyone was like super talking about that. So, everyone here would know about that. But if I put out some content saying, you know, LMNT is like the best training um product for Hyrox. Fight me on it. That would be something they would do. Or you'd say supplements are the best to take with Hyrox. It literally means nothing. Or if you say to Australians and you go, Tim Tam, in the fridge or out of the fridge? Fight me on this. I'm in the fridge. every Aussie just because I said that with that tribal language, they would immediately gravitate towards it because

[02:25:40] they've had the discussions with their family and their partner. Do the Tim Tanss go in the fridge or do they go out of the fridge? So, we're talking about snowflake content. Now, people watching this who are Aussies know I'm Australian. Anyone who does hyrox knows I do hierox and anyone who's in boardroom knows I'm in boardroom cuz because of the objects, it shows that I was I was living and I was actually in the reality. So, we've gone through the seven principles of carrier trust on how to build, you know, your personal brand so they trust you as the carrier of the promise. We've gone through the six gates of trust and how you need to sequentially open each gate so the person can end up making a buying

[02:26:16] decision. Now, I'm going to talk you through why carrier trust or personal brand, if you know it, like that is the thing that actually increases the speed of trust and makes it easier for people to say yes. This is really really important and it makes a huge impact on the ability to get other people to do things which is influence which is power which is essentially what you want. You want to be someone who has the nano celebrity over five or 10 thousand people who can influence these people and they believe what you say because what you said before you can back it up through everything we went through. So here is the trust utility equation and this is how everybody subconsciously makes decisions. So if I decide to eat a

[02:26:57] piece of chocolate or if I decide to sign a deed for a new house and buy a new house, I'm running the trust utility equation subconsciously every time. Now when we think about this equation, we think, okay, for any equation, you know, P time value. So P is what's the perceived likelihood something will happen. So, if the likelihood of something happens, if someone makes a crazy offer and they're like, you know, I'll do I'll get you 30 calls in seven days and if not, I'll pay you five grand and send your kids to Disneyland. Well, if they do that, in your mind, you think, okay, the chance of that happening is zero. So, 0 times, you know, a million is still zero. So, you have to make sure the outcome or the

[02:27:38] likelihood of the thing happening is higher. The next part is what is the value associated to it. Now, a lot of people talk about value. I just shove in so much value and that's what's going to make sense. But value is up to the perceiver of the person. What's valuable to someone else may not be valuable to you. Hence why understanding the tribes you market to is really key because if someone tried to sell mirrors to a CrossFit gym, you know, if you made the most amazing mirrors ever and you know if someone throws their weights at it, it the mirror will never break. If you tried to sell that to a CrossFit gym, there's no value associated with it because CrossFit gyms don't have mirrors. There's nothing inside. So,

[02:28:18] this means when you're selling someone or doing something, you have to the value has to be for them because it doesn't actually matter because even if the likelihood of them getting an amazing mirror is 100 time zero value is zero, which doesn't matter. Last part about this is then minus the risk. It doesn't matter what's the chance, the likelihood of the outcome times the value. If the risk is everything, no one's going to do it. And so, you know, you know, you could be someone could be on the side of the street and they're like, "Oh, I'm selling brand new Rolexes. Um, you know, they're amazing value. They're usually 50 grand. You know, the outcome you're going to get it. Just give me the money right now and

[02:28:56] and you you'll get it." Well, what's the risk? Extremely high. This person's dodgy. And so, like, you're not you're not going to buy from the person. So when people are evaluating things, they're evaluating making decisions. Now what personal brand does is if you become the person of the carrier trust as a nano celebrity to the tribe you're marketing to, it automatically increases the likelihood of the outcome happening, they automatically assume that because you're this person, if you say this thing, if you say, "I'm going to send this letter to you or I'm going to get this thing for your offer or I'm going to help you with this service." They assume the outcome is more likely. They also then assume that the value is going

[02:29:38] to be higher because you understand their situation. If someone is a physio to a crossfitter on Sydney's northern beaches, a crossfitter is going to assume if I go to this session for a 45minute consult, I will get more value that they're going to be able to deliver on the promise. They're going to understand because they understand my situation and they're going to deliver on the value. And also what's the chance of a risk happening? It's decreased. The risk is decreased because you understand their situation of what they're doing. And so when we're thinking about carrier trust and personal brand, the goal is for you to be able to put out some content or say something and get someone to do something, to change an action, to have

[02:30:22] an emotion, to feel something. And then as your brand builds over time, it just means that when you say something, people's distortion of the formula is gets distorted. And that's why when I watched Alex Hozy's $100 million money map launch, I paid six grand for the box and I never used it. I never used it because at the moment I was like, well, what's the perceived likelihood of the outcome that I'm going to get the thing? Extremely high. He's delivered on his promises. What's the value I'm going to get? Well, how much value is he giving me in his books? Infinite. And what's the risk? Pretty much nothing. Because, you know, of how much good value I've got for because he has such a strong personal brand because

[02:31:01] I've consumed, you know, dozens, maybe hundreds of hours of his content. Automatic buy. So, the personal brand or carrier trust, it warps someone's perception of how their brain works in order for them to comply with what your request is. It's actually crazy how it works subconsciously. And that's why personal brand is so key because as we're going through AI and the internet and all these crazy things right now, like actually I've got one more thing I want to share because I think it's really important. Like as we've got AI and all the internet, all these crazy things, people aren't believing anymore. Like people are going online and they're thinking to themselves nothing is real. Nothing. They don't

[02:31:42] believe anything. Like it's it's only a matter of time before no one believes the whole entire internet. The only people they're going to believe are the ones that they're like, "That person has shown me that they're real. They're real. They understand my situation and I've done things that they've said before and I've got an outcome out of it." And so personal brand or carrier trust is only going to be more important as time goes on. And you being yourself and you putting yourself out there and having those seven principles of carrier trust, like you know, doing the things you say you're going to do, being consistent, like, you know, being a human, they're only going to matter even more. And what they do is that they

[02:32:16] change the way someone's brain works. So they will automatically make a decision for you, which is really key. And so this is something I'm very passionate about and it's if you can crack this, it makes sense. But just think through this, right? You know, let's say you're like, "Okay, Matt, I still think fame actually really matters. I still think fame is a really big thing." I'll put this back on you. Think through what is the trashy reality TV show you watch. What is it? I watch Below Deck. That's what I watch. Love watching it with my wife. What is the trashy reality TV show you watch? Okay, let's say someone from that show came out with a product or tried to sell you something. Would you trust them? No. There's no trust

[02:33:01] associated with that person because they've got a lot of fame, but they don't have a lot of trust. It's it's not the same. The the views don't equal. So the likes don't equal trust or views don't equal trust which we talked about at the start is true. It's not a thing. So these are not correlations. These are things that social media platforms are trying to warp our brains into believing cuz that's their incentive. It's meta's incentive for you to sit on the platform for 4 hours a day consuming because they make more money on ads. Like that you know that's the whole entire point. They're not going to tell you actually if you just put out this type of tribal content people will trust you and they

[02:33:36] want to get off the platform and talk to you. There's no incentive. Like why would they do that? We've gone through trust, how to build trust, how to build personal trust. There's one more piece of trust that I have to cover that's going to seem super woowoo, but like I have to cover it because a lot of people, the reason they can't build trust is cuz they don't have this. And I've spoken to my therapist about this a lot. I think about this a lot. And that's the concept of selfrust. Like selfrust is I'm going to move this because I want to talk about this seriously for a sec, but then pull the iPad back up. But selfrust is extremely important because you may have been watching the parts around carry trust,

[02:34:16] the seven parts around live credibility, you know, living the life, doing these things, being consistent. None of these things are possible without having selfrust. And all selfrust is means keeping the promises that you make to yourself. The first thing that matters before you can really go online and produce content and get heaps of leads and stuff is you have to initially keep the promises you make to yourself. That then allows you to then keep the promises you make you make to other people. Now, I'm not saying I am 100% not perfect. I break the promises I have to myself all the time. I'm like in my fourth week of a challenge for for business. Last week I had five rows of dair Cabbury dairy ice like chocolate

[02:35:00] cuz like I forgot the fact that I'm meant to be not eating like stuff. Sorry Gail who's coaching me on thingo. I'm going to put it in my accurate fitness tracker properly. But like there are points in time when we break the promises we make to oursel and it's really common and it's fine. We do it. We're human. But when you're marketing and when you're producing content, it's really difficult to actually produce things of value and have this live credibility if you don't have trust in yourself. And one of the biggest things about content is commitment and consistency. Showing up as yourself all the time, showing up normally. And I'm going to run you through a couple of things that, you know, I've been posting

[02:35:43] on LinkedIn for three years, producing content, doing live calls with clients pretty much every week for nearly three years. I'm going to tell you a couple of things that if I did these things, it would be impossible for me to have done that. So, I'll run you through a couple things cuz I like to think in binaries. I like to think in life, you know, if there's things that's either a one or a zero, I want to know what it is because if something's a zero and if I do this, I can't get over there. I want to know what it is and I want to know what the ones and zeros are. And this is me being woowoo, but I don't care. It's really important. So for me, it would be impossible to have built the business I

[02:36:19] have without exercising every day. Impossible. If I don't exercise for a week, I can feel the thoughts in my brain change. Literally, the thoughts change. I have different thoughts. I have negative thoughts. I have like I'm envious of other people. the thoughts in my brain actually change. So I could not have done this without exercising. One thing like 100%. Another one is I could not have done this without periods of absolute disconnection from social media and just the world. Like if you read into poly vagal theory, I'm not going to talk about it now. Like the way our brain processes emotions and different things is we need periods of downtime. And like back in the day when we were cavemen, most of the time what we lived

[02:37:09] was in a parasympathetic nervous state. Nowadays we mostly live in a sympathetic nerve state. We've got these phone things in our pocket. And if you're constantly on these things, it rewires you into a sympathetic nervous state. When you're in that nervous state, it makes it nearly n impossible to keep the promises you make to yourself. So one habit that I have is like when I get up in the morning, I just go for a walk with my dog. I don't consume any content. like it is if I didn't do that it would be impossible for me to build the business that I have and so there's certain things around building selfrust and like how you can take actions because if you if you don't do these things or for myself it becomes

[02:37:52] an impossibility. Another thing which is an impossibility which is really common. If I scrolled social media at night before I went to sleep consistently till midnight it would be impossible for me to have done these things. So in order for you to build the personal brand that is the brand of if you think about the people who you most look up to who are they think through is it horosy is it some other people I don't even think can't even think about other people right who are the people you look up to those people have high selfrust high selfrust gets transmitted through camera and as humans we have so much of our stuff is through our subconscious not even our conscious mind you just see these people and you're like wow they

[02:38:35] just bring so much confidence and conviction and energy. It's because they trust themsel. And so, in order for you to build this personal branding job online, you have to fix these pillars within your life. And I'll build an AI tool below, which what are the pillars? You have to try and fix some of these pillars. And I'm not saying I'm 100% not perfect, but I'm saying that I try to get at least the binary things correct because if you don't get them correct, it is an impossibility. Like it's it's not even like a like if I think to myself if I didn't exercise, I scrolled Tik Tok um and you know I did I consume tons of social media in the morning and I didn't disconnect. If I did do that, the thoughts in my brain would change to

[02:39:21] have thoughts consistently every day. Impossible for me to do what I do. Like impossible. So I'm going to show you a formula for selfrust right now which is really important. And I know this is super woo woo and out there and you're like what the is this in a lead genen video for? But like this is like the most important thing because I've worked with, you know, I've been on hundreds of calls. I've worked with 2,000 people and I can see the same thing. If the system within their life isn't built in a way they will never succeed. Impossible. Like I've never seen it. It just can't actually work. They can have periods of time where they do really well, then they regress. It just goes back. So you have to fix some

[02:39:57] key fundamental things. And I want to walk you through some of those just the how the formula works. Now after this we'll get to the fun and sexy section about content. Is that all right? Cool. So this is what I call the selfrust equation. Really really simple like super basic. It's just that in order to build selfrust which is the ability to become the personal brand that attracts people that then makes you money and builds the life you want. Number one, it's about keeping the promises you make to yourself or trying to keep the promises you make to yourself. But in order to keep the promises you make to yourself, you must have periods where you're in a calm state, it must happen. Like there's heaps of science on this,

[02:40:43] so you can read about it. But if you don't disconnect from work and you build up your system like sympathetic nervous state over and over and over and if I'm stuffing the scientific terms I don't care because I'm just trying to emphasize this point because it so matters but feel free to pick me apart in the comments. Don't give a If you not in a calm nervous state consistently your brain you actually forget the promises you made to yourself. So when you went out drinking on Saturday night and then you were like all right I'm not going to drink for the entire week or whatever. But then you're still living this stressful life and doing this stuff. By the time you get to next Saturday, you forgot that like you

[02:41:21] literally forgot that you made that promise. Your brain can't hold enough information. Pretend your brain is like a computer. It's got RAM inside of it. When you're in that stressed nervous state, it's using a ton of RAM. Imagine you're using your computer. You've got 74 Google Chromes open. your computer's like that's what your brain does if you're in that nervous state. So in order to do this, in order for this to occur, this has to occur consistently. This is why this is when people talk about meditation and meditating every day. And you want to know something crazy? Tim Ferrris, if you know the guy, 4-hour work week, interviewed hundreds of the highest performing people in the world. The only thing that Tim Ferrris said

[02:42:03] that from all of the high performing people from all of them that he that he went through these are the best people in the world Tony Robbins like biggest actors politicians the best people in their fields the only thing they all did consistently was they all meditated every day that's the only thing and it wasn't doesn't have to be meditation sitting there doing these ones or whatever some walking meditation some it's exercising for some people just going to the gym that's meditation all of them meditated every day like so this is a binary one and zero all of them did it and for me meditation is a I run in the morning or a walk with my dog and then walking meditation and I I don't do the sit down meditation I can't do it

[02:42:43] all of them did it and that's that is how they become because what happens is this calm state that causes you to be able to keep the promises you make to yourself and if you're an entrepreneur and you're starting out you're constantly having this thing in your mind where you're like I got to keep working. I got to grind. I got to hustle. I got to do this. And then you you'll follow people who are like literal sociopaths who can just keep working, working, working cuz they're a bit tapped in the head, right? Cuz they've probably got some childhood trauma built up that's just them up and they can just keep going. They don't show you about the crash out times and the downtimes. They don't show that

[02:43:17] on camera. It's impossible. Like, it's actually impossible. And so you need to get into these calm states to build this selfrust so you remember the promises you make to yourself so you can do the things to be the personal brand that you want to be. And I know this myself because like for the entire of my life like until I was like probably 29 years old. I just lived in this constant nervous state of just like over and over and over again breaking the promises I make to myself like and to talk caused me to have like a six-month breakdown, move home with my parents, do a ton of therapy to like get through this. And it was only after I did therapy that I was even aware of what this is. And now I'm like So having a break and

[02:43:57] just completely disconnecting from everything is like the best thing you can do as an entrepreneur. And I'm in a state of like period of stress right now. Hence why I ate a whole bunch of chocolate last night cuz like I forgot that I was even meant to be doing it. But at the end of next week I'm two weeks off. I'm gone. No calls, no nothing. Like I'm heading to the US with my wife for a friend's wedding. Then I'm going to Bulgaria. And if you've been to Bulgaria, there's there's not a lot to do there. Like it's amazing place. Super beautiful. And I'm just going to go on like trail walks and and not do anything. That's what you need to do to build the selfrust. counterintuitive to today's society, but

[02:44:30] it's it's what's required because what this selfrust and keeping your promises in your calm state does is it then rewires your identity. And I know I'm getting woo woo, but whatever. The reason identity meanders is because for me, I'm a crossfitter. I've been doing it for 12 years. It still hurts really hard when I do it, but you don't need to motivate me to exercise. I just go and do it. I just go like it's because it's in my identity. And James Clear in Atoic habits talks about this like you know how habit stacking keystone habits if you read that if not amazing book lifech changing for so many people but the whole goal is to rewire your identity and what that means is you just become the person that does this

[02:45:09] and then you don't need to think because there's a period of time where you need to then keep these promises but eventually you get to the point where you don't need to keep the promises anymore because that's just what you do. So me, I just get up in the morning and I don't consume social media and I drink a glass of water and I'll either go for a jog or I'll take my dog for a walk every day, no matter what. And I don't think about it. Just my automatic reaction is doing that. And the same for social media, the same for content, the same for many other things in my life. Although I have tons of pitfalls and I'm working on a whole bunch of stuff as we are. That's the journey of being a human in life. you in order to become the

[02:45:45] brand that can attract people like a magnet, you have to rewire your identity. And the only way to do this is to have periods of keeping the promises, but also periods of calm. Because the way I think about business is you work in business like sprints. You sprint really hard, full rest. Sprint really hard, full rest. But what most people do is they're just sprinting and they're just like, but you can never get to the point where you have innovation through doing that. Even if you look up the best people, the guy I can't remember what his name is, um the Apple guy who created the iPhone, he used to go on just tons of random walks, all the flossers of all time, you look at like Nair, KL Yung, all these people, Marcus

[02:46:23] Aurelius, they all just went on random walks, like all of them. Like the one of the best things you can do is just go for a three-hour walk, no phone. It's like the highest leverage thing that I can do for my business. And I know that cuz that enables your mind to change and then your mind to rewire your identity. So you can then become the person who is the personal brand who then is the magnet who pulls people in. So this is super woowoo but whatever. But it's something that like must occur because if you still keep sitting there and you're scrolling social media at night or you were like me who used to play League of Legends the video game for 12 hours straight to 1:00 in the morning, I couldn't do in my life. It was

[02:47:03] literally impossible. So, I like to give binaries of like, cool, you have a choice. It's a one or a zero, the red pill or the blue pill in the matrix, whatever you want to call it. Don't know why I brought that up, but whatever. But like things that these things must occur. So, think through, okay, this personal brand stuff sounds great, but like how do I do this? You have to start with this foundational stuff. And it's not everything, but just start with one small thing because if you do this, this will fix all of the other stuff. Because after my 3 years of experience working with all these clients, I have never seen someone consistently generate their own leads if they don't fix this. Like I

[02:47:39] haven't seen it happen. So I'm going to summarize this everything about building trust and everything building a brand. Then let's get to the sexy content section because I'm going to show you some crazy ass content stuff that you can both go viral and get tons and tons of leads cuz you want both. But just to summarize this chapter and I'm a bit tired and I need my second coffee so I got to read through it. So sorry about that. otherwise my brain's fried. Is that carrier trust? The seven things that embody personal brand or embody making you the person other people will trust. The first one is you doing it, you living it. So for me, I've booked 5,000 calls on LinkedIn. Look, whether you believe me or a lot, whatever, but

[02:48:16] that's what I've done, but you know, I've I've wrote content for three years straight on the platform. You can look at that and undeniably you can't disagree with that. So you've actually done the thing. Second, like why do you care? What is your motive? You can say you just want to be a bazillionaire. That's fine. Just tell people. That's totally sweet. For me, I've got my motives, which I went through before, and that's kind of what I do. And for you, it might convince you, it might not convince you, but it doesn't matter. It'll attract the right people, and that's what matters. Then we got real life mess being just showing that you're a human. Like just talking about your pains and talking about these things

[02:48:49] because nobody wants to have a relationship with a robot. Like, they don't really care about that. Humans are imperfect creatures and we bond with each other. And it's just like people want to know that you're real. And again, you don't have to share things like crazy vulnerable and you don't have to talk about therapy like I have here cuz you may not be comfortable, but I'm comfortable doing it. So that's okay. So just only share what you're comfortable sharing to a table of 12 people. Now, same every time. This is really key. You have to just be you. You shouldn't be behind a camera or writing content. And you know, whenever I write content, I never write something and be like, uh, I don't really like how that sounds.

[02:49:24] Rewrite. I don't really like how it sounds. Rewrite. I just write it and I'm like, "Cool. How do I move it around to make it bit work for social media out there?" Same for filming and recording. You can't pretend like you can't because eventually like if you if you pretend like who you are online, it's as if you're holding a mask up to your face. Whatever those I can't remember those whatever it was. I watched a Gossip Girl episode where they had the mask things on their face. Gossip Girl, best show ever. Watch six seasons. Judge Me, whatever. But like they wear this thing up to their face. If you're constantly wearing a mask to your face, eventually your hand will get tired and it'll fall. It's just a matter of time. And so, you

[02:49:59] have to be yourself. Skin in the game. What have you got to lose? Well, I flew out here. Well, I didn't fly here. Sorry. Why did I say fly? Definitely need my second coffee. So, we we drove here, spent $2,900 on the Airbnb, sacrificed my weekend to make this for free for people. I got skin in the game. Like, I got to do it ahead, not above. I'm not wearing my Rolex because I want to connect with people. And you want to be like, I come from where you are. like we understand each other. I'm not above you. I'm just ahead in some things just to do with maybe lead generation, but probably a lot of things I'm definitely not. But you want to so you can relate to other people cuz like we're not trying to be like I'm from an ivory

[02:50:35] tower thing. Like you don't want to be like I'm Lambos and fake private jets cuz the only people that look up to those people are one narcissists, two people vulnerable. And the people that win are the other narcissists that work with the other narcissists to over the vulnerable people. And that's every single MLM on pyramid scheme that's on the planet. You look them up, they're like my my parents get roped into them by these friends they've got in Queensland. Just not the greatest people like ever. But they they literally prey on vulnerable people. It's terrible. So don't do that. Don't be just be ahead, not above. Pick a side. What do you stand for? What do you truly believe in? What do you actually

[02:51:12] stand for? And you probably seen through this whole segment around building trust. You probably know who I am. And you might be like, "Man, this guy's a massive I don't actually like him." But that's totally fine. We'll never work together. But some people be like, "Wow, I really like this person. I want to work with him." And that's the goal. You you think of it a magnet. A magnet has both push and pull. And so you want both. Then we went through the six gates of trust. This is like how to sequentially build trust with people and why marketing to tribes is so important because you need to know what is in their bag so you can talk about that thing because they'll trust you more. We talked about the issues with referrals

[02:51:46] and we talked about how to get people to say yes and why the homosy crazy offers only work at gate 5 which is really important. Then we talked through the trust utility equation. Why carrier trust and personal brand just makes it easier for people to make a decision. Not even consciously subconsciously. And think about it. I'm a fan of horosy video pops up on YouTube. I click I don't even look at the title and thumbnail. I just click on it if I'm watching YouTube. So the people that I trust, I don't need to be flashed by crazy hooks and stuff. I just know that they're expected to deliver value. And the last piece was selfrust, which I know I ranted, raved, but whatever. It's just about selfrust is this is the thing

[02:52:24] that must occur or you must begin building this thing in order to get to the personal brand that is required because there's certain things that you know within my life if I didn't exercise daily or like say 5 days a week if I didn't go for walks in the morning with my dog if I didn't connect disconnect over a period of time it would be impossible for me to do what I do like I'm telling you that because when I do have periods of time like where where I'm in right now where like I'm getting to the end of my tether on any time off. Thoughts start appearing in my brain. I start having weird dreams. I start getting envious of other people. I start thinking, "Oh man, these really bad things must be happening." That's when I

[02:53:04] know my nervous system is like, "Yo, we need a period of time where we got to chill and you got to take over." But so many people I've chatted to have been running this hot nervous system for so long, their entire brain is filled with anxiety and filled with things that are happening to them. And that was me. And that led me to, you know, standing in the accounting office, you know, earning 45 grand a year working to thinking I was having a heart attack and dying to needing to live with my parents for six months because I had like 28 years or what, however old I was, 27, 28, 29 years just led to that point of breaking. So don't let that happen to you cuz it would have been impossible for me to do what I do now then. But

[02:53:41] that's what's really required. Awesome. I hope you enjoyed this section on personal brand and selfrust. We went deep on some random but if you're still here, I hope you're getting value. Next up, we're going to be covering content. So, we're going to take up, okay, so we we're marketing to tribes. We're building this personal brand. Now, how do I create the content tactically so that people see it and go, "Holy that's for me." And they want to give you money. I'm going to walk you through how to write hooks. I'm going to walk you through formatting. I'm going to walk you through how to make your content contrarian and breaking people's beliefs of different things. And this is the stuff and I'm going to walk you

[02:54:17] through actual examples of people that have done this that have generated dozens and dozens of leads so you can copy it and do it the same for yourself. All right, so now we're going to go through part three, content, and not just any content, content to actually get inbound leads, not just likes. But before I show you a whole bunch of examples and I'm going to be drawing them up and showing you like on the iPad so you'll actually be able to see, okay, now I understand the difference, I need to talk about the big KPI or the one mindset shift you need to make when it comes to content because making this one shift is going to have the biggest difference into what content will generate leads versus likes. So, when

[02:54:57] I'm thinking about content, the KPI when it comes to content is the person or the tribe that you're selling to needs to see your content and they need to go, "Holy that's me." They literally see the post and they're like jump out of their seat and like, "Wa, I can't believe it. You've just described my entire experience." And I'm going to show you a post later on, a client of mine who has 350 connections, who wrote a post that got 100,000 impressions and 56 inbound leads from that one post because people who saw that who are from the tribe he was marketing to got up out of their seat and were like, "Holy that's me." But when we're thinking about this, you may be thinking, "Yeah, but like you know, dog memes do that,

[02:55:37] too. Dog memes are holy that's me." So, how does this actually work? So when we're thinking about how to actually do it, the way you get right lead generating content is you need to do what's called paint their house. You literally need to in your content. This is going to be the greatest house of all time. In their content, you need to paint their actual house. Cuz remember from before, we've got two hooks or two posts. Mr. Beast flies to Mars with Elon Musk in 3 seconds to look at his hundred billion dollar mansion. or your childhood home. You're going to look at your childhood home, but imagine it's not your childhood home. Imagine it's your actual house right now. And imagine, you know, you're looking at a

[02:56:19] carousel. The first photo is your house and you're like, "Whoa, that's my house." And then you click on the next one and then it's your lounge room. And you're like, "Wow, that's my lounge room with my blue couch." And you click on the next one, you're like, "Wow, that's my dining area and that's our dining tables." Next one, wow, that's our room. How do they know all this kind of stuff? That's actually insane. That's the type of content that's leadgenerating content. But the only way you can know or guess what's in someone's house is if they're part of a certain tribe, which really matters. So, you could probably guess what's in my house. I'm a CrossFitter. You could guess in my CrossFit bag. I have Nike Metcons. I

[02:57:05] have a weightlifting belt. In my bathroom, I've got the thing to get the scabs off your hands or whatever they're called. Like, you know, I'm also training for Hierrox, so I've got a Garmin thing over here, which most Hierox people do because they all run with it. So, you can talk about that stuff and I'll be like, "Wa, how do you know like what's in my house? That's crazy." Then if you think about say a place tribe and we won't go a physical location, we'll go a place like a digital place like LinkedIn. You know, you can describe the platform, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, the commenting section, what the feed looks like, and someone's like, "Whoa, that's my entire experience." Or then you could do a

[02:57:37] circumstance try. And so if someone's a parent, they could describe, you know, what's going to be in the house, the rage cage that's in my brother's lounge room right now, which is actually hilarious. And now it's the dog's rage cage and the baby's outside the rage cage, which is kind of random. But painting their house is everything. And this is what creates the content where someone's like, "Holy that's me. I can't believe it because if we go back to the example of the physiootherapist where if the physiootherapist is marketing to say anyone and everyone if they produce content how are they going to paint someone's house? You don't know. They can't. It's a guess. But how do they paint the house of the

[02:58:16] crossfitter on cities on the beaches? Well, they can talk about walking sand through the house off of the beach. They can talk about the things in the CrossFit bag. They can talk about the baby rage cage in the land room. They could literally describe the person's actual reality. And if you remember before from building trust and personal brand, if you can describe someone's actual reality of their life in the content and you don't just put like, you know, exercise watch, you write Garmin because if I say Garmin Straa uh heart rate variability to any runner, they know what you're talking about. They're like, that's my reality. If you can do this within your content, which I'm going to show you how to do it now, this

[02:58:55] is the stuff that's going to generate you dozens of leads. And maybe it won't make you famous, but I would way rather be rich than famous every day that week. So, you guys might remember from the very first section when I talked about tribal positioning, and we went through the 2x2 grid. So, I'm just going to bring it back up because this is the difference between good and bad content and not not just view generating content, but lead generating content. So if you remember from before there's four types of content. There's content with you know high brand alignment, low brand alignment, high tribal authority and low tribal authority. So the worst type of content as you remember is the billboard

[02:59:33] content or the Warren Buffett quote post content. There's no brand alignment whatsoever and there's no tribal authority. It can get 10,000 likes but the person who posts that is marketing to the entire earth. So anybody resonates with that content. Now remember the second type of content which is low brand alignment and high tribal authority. Well that was the fortune cookie content. And yes we've been eating the fortune cookies. Super weird. But what's crazy about the fortune cookie content is just to reemphasize this point of why it matters. Sean, who's behind the camera, opened up a fortune cookie before and ate it and he got a he got a message from someone and he read the thing and he's like, "Whoa, that like really hits

[03:00:17] me." But then I read it and I was texting my wife and I was like, "Whoa, that really hits me as well." So, we both were like, "Wow, this means a lot, this fortune cookie." And I'm sure if I open up another fortune cookie right now, literally, let's open it up. All right. So, one who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good. I really resonate with that. Sean, you resonate with that one. Resonates with that one. So, like anybody resonates with this type of content. And so, this was the dog memes content, right? That's fortune cookie content. It's great if you want for the lols. You know, comedians are really great at fortune cookie content. Like, that's the type of content. Now, the content that really gets on my nerves is

[03:01:02] the one that's like high brand alignment. So, it's really got something to do with what the person does, but low tribal authority, right? That you don't know, is this actually even for me? And now this is the real estate brochure. If you remember from this before, this is the thing in Australia which you get in your letter box and you're like, "Awesome. This is uh this looks good. I'm just going to put it in the bin over here." And that goes in the bin. That type of content is when you're like, you know, the seven leadership hacks of the most successful people. Now, if you remember from before, if Steven Bartlett put this thing out or if in on the on the front of the house, there was actually, you

[03:01:38] know, Elon Musk's 100 million billion dollar mansion on Mars. Yeah, you would look at that. Of course, you'd look at that. But only that. Like, but seriously, look at look at this photo. This this reminds me of like half the LinkedIn feed. Who took that? Who even approved that side of the building photo? It just looks, of course, someone lives in an apartment, but it's just super random. You can see I don't even respect it. I just use this to trace the little line thingy here. It's just stupid. So, this type of content is bad content. And this is what I see a lot of experts, a lot of consultants do, people who've been in business for a long time, cuz they're like, "Well, I've worked with all these different types of

[03:02:10] people, so I have to post more broad content." But all it does is it just pushes people away from you. Because in in the history of Australia, no one has ever read that real estate brochure, period. It's just it it probably has a whole entire suburb in the tip is from the real estate brochers. Maybe we should just burn them in the fire here like we tried to get started. But the best type of content is high tribal authority and high brand alignment. I'm going to show you a few pieces now. That's the unclog your toilet content. That's the plumber who came to your house to fix your sink and then realized that your wife actually got heaps of hair in the shower. So unclog the hair out of the shower, which ended up

[03:02:50] unclogging everything, which was amazing. And so, and they did that without asking for any, without paying for anything. So, you want to think to yourself, okay, how can I produce content that's so good, the person literally feels like you came to your house and you unclog your toilet? And maybe unclog your toilet's a bad analogy or a metaphor, you call it. I never know the difference, but let's just pretend this is your dad comes to your house and just fixes something randomly. Everyone's dad does that. My dad does that. I'm not handy. He'll come to my house and be like, "Oh, I just fixed your oven." Or, "I just fixed your painting." And you're like, "Thanks, Dad. That's amazing." And so, these are

[03:03:22] the four types of content. And we're going to walk through different types of examples now and how they work. So, let's go through some examples of actual posts. If you remember from before, we previously went through a few different posts. We went through Beck's post here, and we went through the one that talks about, you know, hospitals and linen, and I think that that's linen, but I'm still unsure, but people in her tribe would know. And we walk through that post. We walked through Bill's post where he talked about, you know, nine out of 10 companies don't ask us to find EIT delaying your PE as a five figure mistake. We all realize that we have no idea what that means unless you're in engineering, which is good.

[03:03:59] It's tribal content. And then there was Evans post uh who he markets to Canadian university students want to get 100K consulting role, multiple tribes. And he talked he talked about I spent 12 hours putting a case book with 212 MBB cases. So I don't even know what MBMBme means, but whatever that means. And so these are the tribal type posts. And you can see from the language in all these posts, it's marketing to one one specific person. I was going to say avatar, but I have to remove that from my brain. It's been ingrained in me from my sales days. One specific tribe of people that's a collective. And so it's tribal based content. So now we're going to go through Oh, there. And there was also one more which was Chester's post.

[03:04:38] Talks about him sleeping, you know, less than 6 hours a night. If someone does, they shrink their brain and how you actually have sleep apnnea. So that's how you like correlate, you know, personal brand to the content. But we're going to spend a bit of time now going through content tactics and strategies on how to how to produce the best content. And I'm going to show you an example to start off and then I'm going to pull the whiteboard back out and then we're going to go through like how this works. Cuz I think the most important thing when it comes to content is the hook. I a lot of you probably thinking like why does a hook matter? Why is it so important? All that kind of stuff. The hook is everything with your

[03:05:17] content. The best copywriters ever, including people like Gary Halbbert, right? They said to spend like 80% of your time in a hook because unless someone stops to read your content, there's no point in writing anything. And so what I found for LinkedIn, the people who I've worked with who are the best writers, they spend about half their time on the hook. So half their time on the first two lines and half on the image. And sometimes you don't use an image. I have a few examples where I've never used an image, but just the hook itself because you have to get someone to stop and be like, "Holy that's my house." You have to get them to think that when you're putting it together. So I'm going to walk through

[03:05:53] this hook now. I'm going to dissect it and break it down. Then I'm going to bring out the four parts that make out an amazing hook and how it puts together. But I wanted to show you an example first because I think it's going to be easier to kind of like digest. So this post here, you can see it obviously from the front. You can tell immediately if I zoom in, this is an episode of the diary of a CEO. This is I think the second largest podcast in the world. And so what I wanted to do when I put out this post is I wanted to leverage the brand of one of the biggest podcasts in the world. And one of the most important things you're doing with your hook, especially when you're starting out, is to spend time on social commentary on

[03:06:35] things that everyone in your industry or that everybody knows and understands. And so this post was around the the podcast that Ray Dallio did with Steven Bartlett. And maybe you don't know Stephen Bartlett, but you may know Ray Dalia. They're massive brands, massive faces. So, if nobody knows who I am, but I post about these people's brands, a little bit of their trust rubs off on me, and so we have a mutual association, which works really well. Then, if we scroll up and we look at the actual hook now, on LinkedIn, let's pretend that nobody can see below that line. I'm going to zoom in just to make it a little bit easier. Let's pretend that nobody can see below the purple line because there'd usually be a dot dot dot

[03:07:16] more button over here and someone would have to click that to see the post. They'd see the image and the first two lines. Now, I chose my words very carefully in this post. And so, if we go through, what does it say? It says, "I nearly shattered my iPhone last night watching Steven Bartlett and Ray Dalio." Like, there's actually a lot of little details in this that matter. Few things that matter in this hook. I I eyebased hooks are really important because it shows that it's from your opinion. And if I said I nearly shattered my phone last night, the most important thing about ibased posts is someone cannot chat GBT this post. It's impossible. No, nobody can look up what I did last night. And I would usually say you can't

[03:08:04] Google the post, but most people go to chat GBT or Claude or whatever LLM's out in the year that you're watching this video right now. Most people just look on that and if they can find the information there, then the content is not something that they're going to bother to read because why would they if they can just look it up and that's why the the level of content is getting higher and higher and higher and you need to be talking about the things within your life. So saying I nearly shattered my iPhone last night. So I said shattered my iPhone and I didn't say phone, I said iPhone because people can visualize an iPhone. So remember from before nouns and pronouns, people have an association brand with their

[03:08:43] iPhone. So you use iPhone. If it was back in the 90s, I might have said Nokia 6810 while I was playing Snake. That might be the thing I said then, but iPhone is the phone I use. And then I said last night. So last night shows that it's recent. It just happened. It's news. This is crazy. And so that's the first line. And then the second line, it's watching Steven Bartlett interview Ray Dallio. And so in this hook, it's like it's only a few really simple words, but when you pull it together, what it does is it opens up a curiosity loop or an open loop for someone that thinks, why did this guy nearly shatter his iPhone last night watching Steven Bartlett and Ray Dallio? Because Steven Bartlett is arguably a really nice guy.

[03:09:27] I know some people don't like him, but you know, he seems like a pretty nice guy. And Ray Dalia is also a great guy. Super family man, meditates every day, you know, gives away so much of his stuff. It's quite difficult to not like him. So why would you nearly shatter your phone seeing these people? And so that's all I need to show. So I'm trying to build this curiosity, but you don't even need to know who I am in order to like actually be able to see this. And this is what's really key in a hook. And this is what I call the hook movie trailer format. And there's like four parts in this. And I'm going to walk through the iPad. So I'm going to pull out the whiteboard again. I'm going to walk through the four parts and why they

[03:10:04] matter. And then we're going to go look at a couple of other examples. Cuz if you can nail this, you don't even have to have produced content before even on the internet. And you can both go viral and get tons and tons of leads at the same time if you put all of these pieces together. It's pretty much a recipe. Cool. So let's go through that now. and then we'll bring up the iPad after for some examples. So, how I came up with how to write the perfect hook for LinkedIn or any social media actually goes back to co times. So, when I was in co I really wanted to learn how to cook and my best mate Andy at the time who I live with, uh he told me, "Matt, you've got to read this book. This book is called Salt, Fat, Acid, and

[03:10:50] Heat. And so I read the book because I really wanted to learn how to cook and cook well. And what I found out is that literally to make anything taste good, you just need to add salt and fat, acid, and heat. That's that's like actually it it's the principles behind the book. And so this really stood out to me because, you know, even when I make like eggs in the morning, if I make eggs, if I put enough, you know, ghee in the pan when I'm cooking it, if I cook it at the right temperature, if I put my eggs in, if I make sure I salt them and put a bit of pepper on it, and then with my side salad, if I make sure I put a bit of olive oil, lemon, and a bit of salt and pepper on that, the change in flavor

[03:11:24] dynamic is like so insane. It's a different dish. And I feel like gourmet, when I'm making my wife like rice and eggs for dinner, I know she likes eating that with barbecue sauce. I do all this stuff on the side and she's like, "Man, that is so amazing. It's so good." And I'm like, "All I did was I used salt, fat, acid, and heat." So like when I like to think about, you know, content and copyrightiting and all these things, I like to think of what are the fundamental principles. What's the salt, fat, acid, and heat that makes up a hook to make it amazing? And so I want to walk you through that now. So, the salt, fat, acid, and heat that makes the perfect hook for LinkedIn is what I call the movie trailer hook.

[03:12:04] And you're probably wondering what the hell is this? Let's explain it to you. So, do you remember like in Australia, I'm assuming this is everywhere around the world, is when I was a kid, I remember every time I go to the movies, all I looked forward to was the movie previews. Like I'd be sitting in Hoy cinema and I may like you know lounging back with my giant Coke and and uh popcorn or whatever it is then just drink half the thing need to go to the bathroom 10 minutes in you miss half the movie but uh you know I'm sitting there watching the previews and they come up and it's like gets you fully sucked you know movie previews like think about I remember when I watched the latest June preview I was like holy crap this is

[03:12:38] insane I can't wait to watch it but the movie every movie preview or movie trailer there's four main parts in it that get people really excited about it and what makes makes it good. So, I'm thinking about the first part of a movie trailer. I'm thinking about the setting in the cast. So, let's imagine you're watching the Spider-Man preview. Spider-Man is the superhero. Tom, whatever his name is, is the actor and the setting is in New York. And so, you know, these things, they already have a brand associated with them. So, the posts I did before when it was the setting and the cast, what I did is I did Steven Bartlett and I did Ray Dalio and I did D of a CEO. I used a setting and a cast so that you

[03:13:22] would relate to it. That's why it's so valuable when you get, you know, big actors in movies. It's why Netflix brings out like the shittiest romcoms ever, but they just put a good actor in there and everybody watches it cuz you know, like, you know, the movie is at least going to be a 6.5 out of 10. At least it's not going to be like a real indie movie. It's going to be like, eh. But it's okay. It's safe, you know, a seven out of 10. And so sitting in cast make, you know, gives an intrigue and it allows you to borrow the trust because Steven Bartlett and Ray Dallio and the Diary of a CEO podcast and their entire team has spent a lot of time building trust. So if I can piggyback off that trust, I really want to do it.

[03:13:57] And if you are very first starting on social media, social commentary on news and events is like the most important thing like it is. If you do that, you can pop off straight away. The second one is the story and the genre. So, what is the story in the genre? So, when it comes to movies, we're thinking like what is going to happen? So, if I'm watching the Avengers movie trailer, Infinity War, one of the best movies of all time, so good. You're like, it's an action movie. That's the genre. That's the story. It's of how they overcome these things. You know, this guy clicks, half the universe is gone. How do they bring him back? How do we get Spider-Man back in the thing? Spider-Man can't be gone forever. No way. They could kill

[03:14:35] him off. And they didn't. Obviously, they can't kill Spider-Man. He's amazing. So, what's the story and the genre? And so when you're looking at the post, that's when someone sees the hook at the start and then the dot dot dot more button. If they click it, like they're reading the first part. They're knowing, okay, what am I going to see? So when you saw my post, it was like, I watching Steven Bartlet and Ray Dalio. You're thinking to yourself, well, like what actually what happened? Like what did Matt do? Did he shatter his iPhone? Did he not? And what was he so pissed off about? So you you're seeing what the expectation is. And it's the same with the genre. Like some people like horror movies, some people like action movies.

[03:15:12] I like romcoms. You know, my wife likes horrors. That's why I was thinking about horrors. I hate watching horrors. So, we always get into a thing about this. But like what actually is the story of what's the expectation? You know, one of my favorite posts I ever wrote on LinkedIn, the hook was on the weekend it was my brother's wedding and I was the best man and I was myself when I had to do this speech. That was like my favorite hook what I've ever written because it was so funny and people just like loved the post but it was just something that so many people related to. People relate to weddings. So you don't have to have like a a setting being Ray Dalia Steven Violet but you can say wedding best man speech. That's

[03:15:48] a cast and a thing that people actually know and they talk about which is really cool. So the story is like the expectation of like what is the payoff that I'm going to get. So my post was like the payoff is like you're going to find out why I'm so pissed off. That's what it is. Then we've got the conflict or the tension. And so the conflict is like what's actually happening. So if you watch the Avengers movie trailer, you're saying, you know, Spider-Man's having a fight with someone here. Captain America looks all up here. Iron Man's like lying down over here. And you're like, "Oh man, the conflict's doing." And what's the conflict doing is it's opening a loop in your brain. An open loop, these are extremely

[03:16:28] important within marketing. And the best way to describe an open loop and how it works is imagine you're at dinner with your friends and imagine you know there's a table of eight of you. You're all eating pizza. You having a chat and then one of your friends goes, "Guys, guys, I totally forgot the craziest thing happened to me before. I was walking along this street. This guy ran out and they had this pram over here and then there was this dog flying out and then and then he stops because his phone starts ringing." He's like, "Hold on, guys. You hear that?" And then everybody at the table just sits there in silence. And then they're just like, "When the Joe going to tell the story?" Like, "We can't move

[03:17:05] on. We can't continue talking until we find out about the story." And then he comes back and he's like, "Oh yeah, and finish the story." And then it closes the loop. And so what you want to do with conflict is you want to open a loop in someone's brain. So they're like, "I can't not read this because I need to find out what happens." And so for me, why did I nearly just shatter my iPhone? That's crazy. Like who's going to do that? Steven Bartlin, Ray Dalia, they're nice guys. Arguably, most people like them. Why would you do that? So, you're creating this like tension and you're opening this loop. So, if you scroll past, you might be wondering later on, why the did that guy nearly do that? It's like when you when you forget

[03:17:40] something, can you come back to like, what was that thing again? And it drives you crazy. You're trying to open a loop within someone's brain. And then there's the last part, which is arguably the most important part, which is the director's cut. Now, if you look at these three parts here, setting and cast, story and genre, and conflict, you can actually do these. AI can do these technically. And well, let's pretend that the example of the AI doing these is the first Justice League movie. If you've seen the first Justice League movie, biggest flop of a movie ever. terrible. Like, my wife and her brother, mad fans of Justice League. We went in to watch it and we're like, "This sucks. This is so bad. What

[03:18:20] happened? Why is Ben Affleck Batman? And he's meant to they're meant to get a young Batman cuz uh Christopher Ba whatever his name is was meant to get old. Why did they get Ben Affleck? This is so stupid. What's actually going on? It was a it was a really stu like kind of a dumb movie. It was really sad to be honest for Justice League cuz you know Avengers is out there with Marvel amazing popping off and then Justice League you're like what a flop. You had so many years to work this out. But then they ended up bringing out a second version of the Justice League movie and it was the Zack Schneider director's cut and that was the one in black and white. We re rewatched that at home. amazing. It was so good.

[03:18:55] It was like such a good movie. Completely different. They extended it black and white, different scenes, all that kind of stuff. It completely changed the entire experience. And the director's cut is the thing that AI can't do, which is your opinion. Your opinion on recent news and recent things. If someone says, you know, Sean asked me now from behind the camera, Matt, what's your opinion on that raw sea chocolate coconut water that you bought for this week? And I was like, well, it's sucks. There's three ones and the H2 cocoa one was the best. I can't believe I bought three bottles of them. I thought I got that one. AI can't be like, Matt, what's that? Someone can't search on AI, Matt, what's

[03:19:32] your opinion on this? You don't know. You have it has no idea. Maybe if you've said it before in the past, yeah, you can know, but it doesn't know your objective opinion of things. And so when you're creating content, the best quality content which I'll show you now is if you can do all four of these things together and no it can't this can't be chat GBTED it's impossible and cuz now if you look at content like the type of content that used to work would be like you know the eight leadership hacks and the eight lead mindset the eight mindset shifts of $500 billion CEOs or whatever it is right you can just look it up now you don't even need people read books like you just have AI But the only thing that's left is your

[03:20:12] expert opinion in your brand, in your domain of the tribes that you're actually marketing to. What do you think about a very specific unique circumstance? So, commentary on things within the realm that your tribe actually gives a about is like the highest valuable content and hookbased content you can put out. And this is the type of content how you can get both leads and likes together because obviously you want both. Like when you got a lot of views, obviously that promotes your brand and makes you look like a big dog. You know, it's it's like you're rocking up to a party with a really good outfit on, people are going to give you the time a day. Now, if they walk up to you and you got no substance

[03:20:49] behind you, that's what the real estate brochure is, right? And no, that's not me talking about real estate agents, although we all think that, but I'm sure they're nice people. I'm sure they are, but whatever. But like, it's the real estate brochure. There's there's nothing there's no depth there. And so each content you put out, it has to follow these four parts of the movie trailer. So, I'm going to walk you through those four parts now and we can get the iPad back up. You can watch this video all day and watch me rant and rave on about stuff, but like I want you to be able to do this. And just remember below there's a whole bunch of AI tools. I've got a hook movie trailer AI tool below which

[03:21:20] you can use it as an accompanying thing as you're doing this. Just to recap from before the Hook movie trailer, there's the set and setting and like the cast. There is the story and the genre. There's the conflict and there's the director's cut. So, let's walk through here. So, we've got like the cast and setting. Obviously, Steven Bartland, Ray Dalia, and The Diary of a CEO. I'm piggybacking off of that. Let's pretend that Ray Dalia and Steven Bartlet is Spider-Man in New York City. Same thing if you see the movie trailer. What is the story and what is the genre? So, you're going to find out why I nearly shattered my iPhone watching this. So that's kind of like the expectation or the payoff that you'll expect because

[03:22:00] there's going to be this dot dot dot more button over the side and that's the goal of everyone like when you create content you just need someone to click that. It's not to like it cuz they haven't read it yet. It's to click the thing to stop and click in the actual hook itself. I've also used iPhone which is the set and setting. So iPhone might be the New York City subway. That's what it could be. Or it could just be an iPhone in a movie. Everyone uses iPhones now. and then watching Steven Bara interview Ray Dalio. So, what's the tension? Well, I nearly shattered my iPhone. That's some conflict. And then what's this director's cut? I just simply said I I nearly. It was just a story about me. And so, how are you

[03:22:37] going to chat GBT this about me? Impossible. So, if someone reads this, they're getting a unique insight into me and what I do that they can't get anywhere else. And if they scroll past this, they may never see it ever again. And so they that's where they're going to stop and they're going to see it. And just to see this, the open loop is, you know, you're going to find out why I nearly shattered it. But if you scroll past, you might be thinking later on, why did he why did he do that? I really wanted to know. Can't find it on a can't find it on Google. Can't find on chatbt. So you're creating this forcing function that gets people to stop and read this stuff. So let's go through a couple of examples of

[03:23:18] people I work with and what they did. This is a brilliant post by Chester. Chester is a sleep coach. He's a sleep scientist. We already went through. He wears the sleep apnea machine. I think it's called that. Um he works at the NHS. Also just a really nice guy. That's also very helpful. Now, when we're looking at this, he's using Alexi. Now, Chester's tribe who he markets to is literally Whoop and Garmin wearers. That is his actual tribe. The people that wear maybe an aura ring, a garment, a whoop strap, and they are obsessed with their sleep. And they're usually those people are also kind of into horosy people and are trying to really get ahead in life. They're kind of hustler bros, but they've kind of

[03:24:03] removed out of the hustle hustler brophere and they're into kind of training and stuff. And so he knows that Horoszi is aligned with those brands with what they're actually doing because he works with business owners and a lot of business owners look up to Hallzi. Now, if we look at the hook down here, let's go here. And so, if we scroll across, because imagine there's the dot dot dot more button here. So, in Chester's post, he says, "Alex homozi tells founders to set alarms to sleep. This only works if you're a robot." Crazy, right? So, he's called out, "Alex hozi says this thing." And so, you're like, "Well, I want to hear what Hobosi says, you know?" But then he says, "This only works if you're a robot." So

[03:24:46] Chester's opinion is, you know, this you can't chat GBT this. This only works if you're a robot. It's like, whoa, wait, why is that dumb? That's that's some sleep advice that I've heard a lot of the time. Like, what why is this guy saying this? And then he goes down, if you're a human, this is the worst thing to do. You're going to lie there for an hour thinking, what the am I doing in bed this early? I can't even sleep. Well, Moses is great at business, but he's a at giving sleep advice. As a sleep scientist, here's what to do instead. So, he's actually credible around what he does. This is a phenomenal post. Chess is also a phenomenal copywriter and, you know, dozens of inbound leads for a sleep

[03:25:29] scientist, which is funny. not really a marketer, but this is post is like a one of the perfect examples of him high brand alignment and high tribal identity because I am technically Chester's ideal client. I'm wearing a Whoop and a so an or ring and a garment. Although this is not charged, but I just wear it. But I used to wear a Whoop. So Chester also does content where he posts someone's whoop scores. And why does that matter? Because in their house or on their wrist is a Whoop. So that's painting their house. So if I saw someone whenever I see someone post their Strava times on their run, I immediately stop and I look at it because I my stuff goes to Strava and so I see it. So they're painting my

[03:26:14] house and my experience. If someone put a like a thing here of all the different screenshots of when you go for a run and the heart rate and all that kind of stuff, I would stop and see it because like this lives on my wrist and so when I click these buttons down here, you probably can't see it. I can see all my workouts, which is really key. Actually, I'm going to pull it off and show you. If I go on the watch itself, and if I go down here, actually up here, I can click on the actual workout itself, and I can go to the activities. And so, let's say last week when I did my say Thursday run. And then if I'm showing this to people, you know, who did this, oh, that was a crazy workout. 163 heart rate for

[03:26:50] like, you know, 30 minutes. That's pretty insane. But if I show these things to people who are a Garmin, they'll be like, "Matt's a psycho. How could he do that high heart rate for that long?" And yeah, kill it. I'm trading for Hyros, right? This stuff really matters because people, they're experiencing that. So, everyone who has a G has experienced this horosc really key. And you might be thinking like, like, do I have to pull on like, you know, these notable figures and put them in my content? If you're starting out, 100% yes. Because you don't have a brand. No one knows who the you are. So why are they going to listen to you? The the only thing you could do is pull on notable figures or pull on big

[03:27:33] stuff you've done in your life. If you've done something big, if you're like, I've run 10 triathlons, that's pretty big. But like, you know, if you say, you know, this tri famous triathlon is stupid. I've run 10 triathlons in this. It's going to go better. So, when you're first starting out, because you don't have like any credibility and you don't really have, you know, carrier trust with anyone yet, you have to start by leveraging other people's brands. It's really key. Like, the easiest way to make a movie good is just put in big actors. Like, every like Hollywood knows this that if they just get I don't know, like think about the the fourth Mummy film, the I think third or fourth, the one with Tom Cruz, like the worst

[03:28:14] film of all time. It's so It's dog But we all watched it because they had Tom Cruz in it. Yeah. Like you all watch these movies when they have certain people in it just because we do. And so that's the power of the putting in these people. So I would say anyone starting out the two real things you need to get onto is like notable figures like personal brand people and the news. Think about the news as like you know a cast and genre. The news is like what's happening is like really really important. So, this is a great post to share and Chester got a whole bunch of leads from this. Let's go to the next post. For some of you guys are going to be like, "What the hell is this post?" And I was laughing a little bit when I

[03:28:53] read it. So, this is another client, Pedro. And so, yes, that is Kim Jong-un. And it's pretty funny. So, let's read the post. So, you got promoted to director. You've made it. Kim Jong-un called himself a winner, too. Crazy. And the visual hook, I can't deal with this post, is Kim Jong-un officially wins North Korea parliamentary election 99.93% of the vote. So like this, this is like getting on like, you know, contrarian post territory. And I thought it was like actually hilarious this, but like you can see here he's leveraging a notable brand, not someone that maybe is quite wellliked. Pedro is. And inside here he's calling out his ideal client. Pedro's Ideal Client is about a 45-year-old man who's stuck in corporate

[03:29:43] making 200K who's in a corporate prison, but they have to be there because they're literally paying for their kids' family and colleges and all that kind of stuff and they hate their life. And that was Pedro when he used to work for the Canadian Post Office and he hated it. And he says 100 time and he's selling back to himself. So he knows, you know, when maybe he got promoted to director, you've made it, but he's comparing that to Kim Jong-un, which is crazy. It's like where are you ever going to get this comparison? And then if we read the rest of the post, I went to my boss to ask for help. My team was drowning. His face contorted with anger. He told me to get out of his office. I had to stick my toe between my legs and

[03:30:19] walk out. That was the day I decided I was done. Winners aren't treating LinkedIn like a billboard. We treat it as a classroom. You know, to connect with services and coaches to help maximize our income or improve our lives, use my thread to promote a business or tag someone or offers or service. So he's he's ending the post saying, you know, help other people out. But like when you read the post itself, like Hook movie trailer, well, he's obviously used, you know, Kim Jong-un, which everybody knows. That's a pretty notable cast member. Uh, and then he's got the Global Eye News here, whatever that is. And he's got X up here, which he's used, which is Twitter, which is also a place tribe, a Twitter. And he's

[03:30:56] got down here 3.3 million views. And this post got a lot of engagement. And Pedro tends to get way more views than he does engagement because his stuff's so hectic that people just can't they just stop and read it. He gets hundreds of thousands of views. It's pretty funny. And so this post here covers all of that. And then if we're reading it here, he's saying you got promoted to director. So he's saying promoted to director. This is tribal language from inside business. Now it's not super tribal, but it's tribal enough for what he does. He said you've made it. And then he compares and contrasts Kim Jong-un called himself a winner too. Which is crazy, right? And then the next line he goes, I went to my boss to ask

[03:31:39] for help. Now, not the perfect hook trailer part because he hasn't put I in the section here. Let me get rid of this. He hasn't put I, but like it's pretty decent. So, you can see through these three posts like how you're leveraging notable brands. You're giving your opinion. You're also opening a loop because I think the strongest part about this post is actually the open loop. Pedro doesn't really need his opinion here because he's comparing you getting promoted to director to Kim Jong-un calling himself a winner. So that's like what it just it just reframes your reality for what actually happens. And so these three posts are really good examples. I've got dozens more but just for the purpose of this video I can't

[03:32:23] share all of them. We got dozens of more, but this is what really good hook content actually does. This is the content. And you're probably laughing as you're reading this because I can see Sean laughing. So, I know people would be too, but like this is the type of content that will get people to stop and look. And I know you might be thinking, Matt, how did this first post, you know, get you leads when you're talking about Steven Bart and Ray Dalia and blah blah blah blah. Like don't look at me when you're producing content because I'm someone who just runs crazy ass experiments all the time. Like I'm not the other person. I'm the crazy experiment person who's running heaps of random all the time and I just do

[03:33:00] run tests to actually put these things together. And so we've obviously covered the four parts that make up a good hook. Now I'm you obviously saw Pedro's one below didn't have all four parts in the hook or arguably he did because you know that's kind of his opinion. But the thing that makes the hook really good, the first principles part is that you can't chat GBT the thing. So you don't have to have all four of the things in there all at once every single time. But if we read this, you got promoted to director, you've made it. Kim Jong-un called himself a winner, too. Even though it doesn't have Pedro's opinion in that right in the beginning till the third line, you can't find it on chat GBT. It's impossible. And so that from a

[03:33:41] first principle standpoint, that is what you need to do. Now, when you're writing hooks and you're like, "How do I think about like ideas and put these things together?" I'm going to run you through next how to do it. But the only real way to get good at this is to practice. Now, I do have an AI tool below which you can click to get. It walks you through how the hook movie trailer and how to write hooks. So, it's much easier than coming up with a new idea. But just note that it does take practice and it does take time to get good at the craft. It's just like going to the gym. You can't just go to the gym one time and just do bench press and be like, "Oh, I fully understand how to do bench press now."

[03:34:14] You just got to do the thing over and over and over and over. But the great thing about AI is it's as if you gone to the gym and you just maxed out on steroids that aren't going to kill you and you can just keep going. That's the great thing about AI. It's like you're just fully juiced up and you're fully slept and everything and so you can just get the gains really fast and so you can use the tool below. But what I want to talk through next is I know that you're probably watching this and you're like this, you know, this thing that Pedro did, this is a great post. How the did he come up with it? This is insane. And so many people struggle with content ideas and they're just like how do I know like where do these ideas just come

[03:34:51] from? Cuz some people aren't ideas people. And that's totally fine. So I'm going to walk you through the easiest way to get content ideas right now. And I'm going to show you examples of how I've gotten ideas like myself. And I've like I've done a thing called stealing formats which we're going to walk through and how I've done it cuz personally I don't have a whole bunch of ideas all the time. But you need a ways to actually get inspiration. But I've got my favorite prop for this entire shoot here below that I'm going to walk through now cuz this is going to help illustrate the point. Cool. So this is my current favorite book right now. It's uh Go Yourself. I'm coloring. I love it. And this perfectly illustrates

[03:35:31] the point. Now, a few weeks back, I was at a conference or I'm part of a mastermind group called Boardroom. There's only 100 people inside it. Um, we do there's three events a year and we went to one in Cans. Um, this is when the tornado was meant to hit. Was pretty wild and pretty scary, but it didn't hit, which was awesome. But there was a guest speaker there, my buddy Frank Grief. Uh, Frank Grief has sold his business with his two brothers for $180 million. I think it was called Realbased and he's currently building another business called Kinszo. But him and his team are phenomenal at social media. They get like 20 million plus impressions or views every single month. And they have nailed virality. Now, I'm

[03:36:08] not saying virality is how you get clients, but we can learn principles of v virality because we don't just want, you know, lead generating content. We want high view and lead generating content. That's the best type of content together. And when Frank talked about how his team gets 20 million plus views, he talked about the principle of the Netflix, he he does runs what's called the Netflix principle. And what is that? So what him and his team do is they watch a whole bunch of content and then they find other people's content that's working really well. And then what they do is they one of their team members recreates that piece of content, like a video or a skit. And if that one does really well and it's an outlier compared

[03:36:50] to the others, they just get the rest of the five people or so on the team to create the same content because they know it's going to work. And this is called content formats. And it's the same thing on Netflix. How many Christmas romcoms has Netflix put out? They probably all have a 5.1 rating out of IMDb, but I've still watched them all, right? They're safe. They're comfortable. They're normal. It's the same as series. Like I'm on the 13th series of Survivor right now with my wife 7 weeks in. It's a format. We like it. We like when they go to tribal council and Jeff's like it's time to cast your vote. We love it watching, you know, you know when Jeff the guy is like he's uh drop your buffs, you know,

[03:37:28] you're all merging. Like it's a format. It's the same thing human beings love format. Think about music. Good music has the consistent beats per minute because these types of thing build trust with people. And so the easiest way to come up with good content ideas is just to steal other people's formats and color in the content yourself. So instead of imagine, you know, there's a blank page. If you got a blank page and you had to like start drawing from a blank page, only artists can do that. And that's like real professionals who are copyriters. And I've been doing this for a long time. I would consider myself at that level where I can write content and I can get leads and I can get a whole bunch of views from the content.

[03:38:08] But for people who don't do this as a full-time job like me who obsess about it all the time, you shouldn't do that and you shouldn't copy what other people do. What you should be doing is you should be looking for content formats and a format. The reason why it's so easy, I'm going to find out a funny one is when you find the post, you know, here and it says boy and it's really funny. You're like, okay, cool. That's the format of the post. Now, all I need to do is I need to get the post and then I get my ideas and I color it in with my ideas. That's all you have to do. And so, you're using a stencil, a coloring in book. And this is what Frank's team does. And this is what every good content creator does. The whole entire

[03:38:50] opening of this video is a a format taken from someone else's video because that's been successful and it's actually worked. Even the title and thumbnail is mirrored from other people's ones, too. So it's about not stealing someone's work is you're hijacking the ideas of the format and then you're coloring it in. So this you know using these different things you these are all the content formats and yes I wanted to share all the words cuz they're funny but all these content formats are in here are all on your LinkedIn. And the way you find them is you find outlier pieces of content. Now, what an outlier is is when you imagine you go to someone else's LinkedIn posts and you look at their past 20 posts and you find that

[03:39:33] two or three of them have worked really well, like they've got a lot more engagement. Now, you don't know if they've got more leads, but they've got a lot more engagement means like people are being drawn into it more. Those are the types of posts that you want to grab and you want to steal the format and then color in with your ideas. And I'm going to walk you through a couple of those posts now. And a few of them are pretty funny if you don't mind saying myself. So I'm going to walk you through real life examples now of me and my clients who've stolen formats and how they've worked. Cool. So we've got the uh the old iPad back again. This is one of my favorite posts that I've ever written. No joke. And I'm going to read

[03:40:14] it out loud the whole thing. But this post here, so the hook is So I'll put a behind here. So, the hook is, I just got off a call with LinkedIn's internal team. What they told me explains why so many LinkedIn accounts are getting fewer views. So, why does this matter? So, hook movie trailer. I just got off the phone or just got off a call. I've used LinkedIn and LinkedIn's internal team. So, it's a castman setting. What they told me explains why so many LinkedIn accounts are getting fewer views. So, we think through the Hawk movie trailer, we've got my opinion, which is the director's cut. We've got LinkedIn and LinkedIn's internal team. We've got the conflict, which is like or why LinkedIn accounts

[03:40:59] getting fewer views. And the story is like we're going to get the story and the understanding of how this actually works. So, this fits the Hulk movie trailer, even though I don't actually have an image. Now, this post here, I won't read through yet, was a a hook that I hijacked from someone else. So there was this guy called Dubesh. Never seen him before in my life. Uh and I just came across this LinkedIn post in the LinkedIn feed. And when I saw it, I was like, man, this could make a good post. And I clicked save and I come came back to it later. So all I do is I just review the save post that gave me inspiration and I come back to it. So this post here, it didn't do too shabby. It got him 839 likes and42 comments and

[03:41:42] 37 reposts. So that to me was like an outlier on the feed. this if this only got a couple of likes, I wouldn't consider it an outlier. Not that that's bad and it wouldn't get leads. It's just that I'm looking for things that people remember. I like I already want to hijack trust. If I read this out loud, I just got off a call with someone from Meta's internal team. What they told me explains why so many ad accounts are crashing right now. So, I literally just took his hook and pulled it into my hook for my context. So, if we go back to the coloring book down here, all I did is I just found like the sugar tits page and then I just colored it in. That's all it is is I just colored it in with my ideas. So, I

[03:42:26] don't even need to read his full post, but once I had like the idea, so because we talked about ideas, how it's so difficult to come up with ideas, like you don't really need to because if you just find things that gives you inspiration, then you're like, I wonder what I can put in there. The ideas flow to you. It just comes to you. You just need the formats of actually what to put in there. So, if we're reading through my post again, my post didn't do too too shabby. It got 110,000 impressions and 415 comments. I'm going to walk you through and read this post out loud. And I'm going to show you how I've also weaved in like the Hook movie trailer all throughout the content because within content, you don't want to just

[03:43:00] stop with the hook. You want to keep weaving in everything. And just remember below, if you click the link, I've got AI tools to help you write content. I'm not going to spend the whole entire time like me writing out a post and stuff like that. It's just it's going to be a waste of time. You can do it with AI. I'll read out that. I just got off a call with LinkedIn's internal team. What they told me explains why so many LinkedIn accounts are getting fewer views. And you're probably thinking, "Wow, how do you get on with LinkedIn's internal team?" Yeah, I really want to know how I get fewer views. And so, why does that matter for my ideal clients? They're people posting on LinkedIn. like 99% of people that I work with have been

[03:43:34] posting on LinkedIn consistently for at least a couple of weeks to a couple of months before I work with them. So, it's the perfect ideal client. The issue is not the algorithm update or the time you post. The reason is the huge rise in AI made content on the platform. They said there has been a 5,670% jump in AI slop in the last few months. This wave is pushing their systems too hard. Most people now open chat GBT, grab a post in under 30 seconds, and hit publish. LinkedIn was not built for this much loweffort content. Their servers, review tools, and ranking system are all feeling the strain. They told me there is one top secret method that still gets strong reach, and very few people are using it. Here's what they said. Write

[03:44:19] the post yourself using your brain. Their team of a thousand data scientists said human written posts now get pushed higher in the feed. So, normal AI made posts will keep getting weak reach. If you want the full breakdown and the simple systems they shared to write posts using your own brain, comment brain and I'll send it. I was shocked to hear this to be honest. What do you think? Now, obviously, this is a complete satire post. I made it up, but I still had 415 people comment because they wanted to get access to how my how your brain works, which I thought was ridiculous. But throughout the post itself, what I'm seing in is all the things that my tribe actually cares about. And the only people on LinkedIn

[03:45:02] understand, which is key. So the issue is not the algorithm update or time you post. Why that matters is because everyone on LinkedIn thinks that the time you post is the biggest indicator of how your content goes. And they also think that when LinkedIn updated the algorithm, my posts all of a sudden now go It's not about that. It's just that more people post on the platform over time, so there's more competition. But these are two things that, you know, play on people's heartstrings. And if you're a LinkedIn person watching this, you're probably going to be agreeing with me. They said there's been a 5,760% Well, everyone who's scrolled through the LinkedIn feed knows there's been a massive jump in AI slop. Then this wave

[03:45:48] is pushing their systems too hard. Most people now open chat GBT, grab a post in under 30 seconds, and hit publish. I'm like calling out my ideal client here. I've also referenced Chat GBT, which is like Tom Cruz, but like, you know, in here. I'm leveraging a bigger brand of what it is, and I'm calling out what people actually do. So, they're like, "Oh that's me. That's what I'm doing." LinkedIn was not built for this much effort content. Their servers, review tools, and ranking systems all feel the strain. They told me there is one top secret method that gets strong reach and people on LinkedIn use the term reach. Like that's just a word and I know people on other platforms use it too but in the context of this LinkedIn

[03:46:27] people who post get it and very few people are using it. Here's what they said. Write your post using your own brain. The team of a thousand data scientists and said handwritten or sorry human written posts are now getting pushed higher in the feed. So if you say feed it's a very LinkedIn thing. Uh, so normal AI posts keep getting weak reach. Reach again. If you want the full breakdown and simple steps, comment brain. I was shocked to hear this. What do you think? And so reading through this post, this is a tribal post towards people who are usually business owners posting on LinkedIn consistently. So their chosen tribe is LinkedIn is where they go and the place tribe is also linked in the platform. And every little

[03:47:12] bit of nuance here has meaning. Like when I say AI slot content or AI comments to a LinkedIn person, they're like they viscerally know what it means so they can understand it. So this is a way how I've like you know I've got the coloring in book like I've grabbed uh you know balls and I've started coloring it in and I've just done this here with the post. And so you don't really need to come with ideas or inspiration. You just borrow from other people. So, I'm going to go through another one now just so you can kind of get the point that I haven't actually done. This is a client Josh and super cool dude. Really, really great content on LinkedIn. Should definitely follow him. Uh, this is a post that Josh put

[03:47:51] out. And so, we'll walk through the hook and then we'll also walk through the image and then we'll show you where he got it from. And what's great is Josh stole the format from another client. And so, and I'm going to show you how you can just do this yourself, which is pretty funny. But the easiest way just before we go through this is if you scroll through LinkedIn and you see a post that's an outlier and you're like, "Wow, that's a cool format. This stood out to me." All you do in the very top right is there's three dots. If you click it and you click save, it saves all of those posts. It's the easiest way. It's called creating a swipe file. And then later on when you need content inspiration, you just open up the saved

[03:48:31] items in LinkedIn and then you've got all of the content there. So anything you scroll past, you can do it saved. That's exactly how I do it myself and how so many of my clients do it too. So this post you can see here, let's talk about the image first. Now Josh has used Lovable. Lovable. Everybody knows what this is or you know in 2026 everybody does. It's like the the AI coding software whatever tool that it is. I can't remember what it is but it's massive. They've grew to probably hundreds of millions of dollars of AR right now. And then Josh is also seeing in his own face in it too, which is awesome. So lovable. We've got the brand. He's also got looks like it's rammed full of bunch of juicy value

[03:49:11] inside the post, too. And the post didn't do quite shabby. He got 3,000 comments, which is pretty good for a lead magnet post. Now, the hook is, let's do this again. I spent two weeks breaking down Lovable's marketing funnel. In just eight months, Lovable grew from 1 million revenue to 100 million. and their website now gets 20 million visits every month. So, hook movie trailer. Let's do this again. So, Josh actually does these posts multiple times and they work all the time. This is a key thing with formats that we're going to cover later. If you find a format that works well, you can usually post that same format five or 10 times, which is great. So, you don't need a whole bunch of content ideas going

[03:49:49] through your brain. So, I spent two weeks breaking down. So, I did it lovables marketing funnel. Okay, that's the Tom Cruz of the post. and he just talks through how Lovable grew from a million to 100 million. So obviously if you haven't even heard of Lovable but that reinforces the fact and their website gets 20 million visits a month which is absolutely insane. And the next part part is you know they even outpace cursor in growth how they do it and so this hook itself is he's talking about his opinion how he broke down lovable and here's the structure and why this matters for Josh is Josh helps businesses create categories. So Josh worked with Uber, he worked with Stripe really early and a couple of other big

[03:50:30] businesses on their positioning and how to create the categories for themsel. So when he breaks down bigger categories, that's within the lane of what he actually does, which is really awesome. So this was a post that Josh put out, but he didn't come up with this himself. He stole this format from another client of mine, Kenan. And Josh has stolen this format, not once, but about 10 times and gone viral every time to get leads. So Kenan, this post was like a long time ago. I think it was like two years ago. It's only says it says a year up here, but I think it was nearly two years ago. So the hook's up here and then the images below, which we'll go through. And this one got 10,563 comments. I remember when Kenan this

[03:51:14] happened to him because he messaged me and he was like, "Dude, I booked like 25 inbound meetings." It was just like it was crazy. He was replying to comments for like two weeks, which was hilarious. So, if we think Hook movie trailer, what is it? Well, number one, Athletic Greens. Everyone knows Athletic Greens, right? And everyone knows actually one of the most recent ones. Here it is. Andrew Hubman, the sleep guy. So, he's he's referencing Andrew Hubman with the Sleep Guy Health guys podcast. He's not sleep or whatever he is, the science dude. And Athletic Greens. So, he's hijacking this and he's like put in a whole bunch of pages. So, it looks like it's jammed full of value. It's like really juicy. It's a whole bunch of

[03:51:52] value. So even just seeing that image, you think to yourself, "Wow, like think think like an orange. It's like I feel like I can juice all the juice out of the orange." That's what you want your lead magnet post in particular to feel like. Now, if we scroll up, we look at the hook. It's really simple. It's just I spent 72 hours breaking down a 1.2 billion salesunnel. So I spent my time director's cut 72 hours breaking down. So that's some conflict in there. Took him a lot of time. A 1.2 billion salesfunnel. And then AG1 receives 5.5 million monthly visitors. So this was Kenan's like seventh post working together, which was crazy when you put this together. This is when we were spending a lot of time covering lead magnets. Uh,

[03:52:42] and this one actually exploded and it was crazy. But it's because he followed the principles of the Hulk movie trailer. And what's even crazier is he's done this format. He's posted it about 10 times and it's worked every time. It hasn't got 10,000 views on each one. But Josh copied Kenan's format and he also has posted it about 10 times and got thousands of leads every single time. So, the great thing about formats is that when you find a format that works one time, you can then repeat the exact same format 5 10 15 more times and it will still have the same impact. So, if you think to yourself, if you've started drawing from a blank page, well, all you got to do is scroll through your LinkedIn feed, come across content that

[03:53:32] you're like, "Wow, that's an outlier. I really resonate with that one." And then from that you hit the save button. And then when you go to writing and putting the content together, you're like, "Okay, cool. Well, it seems like this Keenan guy has done a really good post here. I'm going to steal his format and I'm going to produce the post." And Josh did that. And then maybe this post took him, let's say it took him an hour or whatever, but then he produced it 10 more times. And so when you think about ideas, I have too many ideas for content because I have too many formats and too many things I do. And the issue comes later on when you start getting into creating. You're like, I don't know which format to put out because there's

[03:54:09] too many. So the key principles really apply when we come to the hook movie trailer. You're all you're thinking to yourself is that okay, I need a director's cut. I need my opinion in there. Something that they can't chat GBT. So because how can you chat GBT Josh spending two weeks breaking down Loveville's funnel? You can't find that. And then how do I also add in, you know, the setting and the genre? So like, sorry, the actors and setting and stuff. So, New York City and Spider-Man lovable. That's what it is. So, everyone knows that. Then, how do we open the loop through conflict? Well, I really want to see what this is. That opens the loop. It's like the dinner table where you're chatting with eight friends and

[03:54:48] someone tells the story and they all of a sudden stop. It opens a loop. And then the story. The story is what they expect to get, the expected payoff in the end of the piece of content, which is really important. And so you can see with these ones, well, I'm going to get the breakdown of these posts and the expected payoff. So, I know I ranted and raved in the beginning about tribal content and how that works. And you probably want to see me write some content. You probably want to see how I actually do this. So, I'm going to walk you through a couple of posts now, which are like tribal content posts back. We can get back in the rhythm of things. And I get my laptop out and I'm going to show you the process of how you can just

[03:55:25] do this. And I'm going to do it without AI now, but I have AI tools down the bottom. you can just use them to write your content. So, I'm going to go through a couple of like tribal posts that people I know that's worked for them. So, this is an example of a post that a client of mine, his name's Dan Genzel. And this post's got, you know, about 464 comments, which was an outlier for him. And he's someone who sells to a very specific tribe. They are people or people who own a couple of residential homes in the US who want to buy their first commercial property. That's who they are. So, it's very specific tribes. Now, this post is really great because this valuation he does here, if you look at it, Proformer 608 North uh West North

[03:56:10] Avenue, this is an actual valuation of an actual commercial property, which is really key because the people who are evaluating commercial property, they probably have these Excel spreadsheets on their computer. So, again, painting of the house. Now, the hook itself is how to analyze a commercial property in 20 minutes. Most people think analyzing commercial real estate is. Now, you might be thinking, Matt, there's no Hook movie trailer here. It doesn't include all the concepts, but actually it does. This sheet of paper is Microsoft Excel. Microsoft Excel is New York City. People resonate and they know Microsoft L Excel. They have a feeling towards it because that's what they see. and he said, "How to analyze a commercial

[03:56:54] property in 20 minutes." Now, the one thing that I'd change on his post is I'd say how I analyze a commercial property in 20 minutes if we're being finicky, but he's talking about commercial property and then most people think analyzing commercial real estate is and he's got the dot dot more. So even though he hasn't perfectly weaved in all these things because Dan has done 100 million in commercial real estate acquisitions which you can see this fits perfectly into high tribal authority and high brand alignment content for him and he's done this format click on his profile about 10 times and he gets hundreds of comments every time which is great. The first thing when I did when I saw him on a on a coaching call is I was

[03:57:32] like Dan this post just keep doing this every week that's all you got to do. He's like seriously the same post? Yeah, exactly the same type of post, just break down a different property cuz people look to expect it. It's like every week when the new Survivor season 50 comes out, me and my wife are watching it. We're like, we can't wait to see what happens. Even though it's kind of the same thing every time, it's a little bit different. Couple other examples or one more example is Beck's post. Now, this post here, if you read it, it just says, "Same day, same industry, completely different decisions. This is why oneizefits-all um advice fails in Agg." There's not that much, you know, tribal content

[03:58:10] within it. But when you look at the image itself, you can see she's put an image of Allora and St. George. So, she's literally painted the locations that these people are in. So, someone's looking in their backyard and they're either in Allora or St. George or somewhere in rural regional Australia, which is that's what they see and that's what they feel. And so sometimes you don't have to add everything, but if we're looking at Hook movie trailers here, well, Allora and St. George are the New York cities. That's what they actually are. And the tension is like, "Wow, why is one place green and one place barren even though they're 1 hour apart?" So, she's been building this. So, you don't have to get it perfect

[03:58:51] every single time. You just have to weave in enough elements that your tribe goes, "Holy that's me for the content." Which is really important. Now, before we get to the point where I'm going to write some content, there's one last really important point that I need to cover. And this has to do with building your personal brand, but also getting other people to tell people about your stuff. So, we talked before in personal brand about horos and how his stuff's so good that other people tell each other about it. And that's that word of mouth is how really how you promote a brand. The best types of content are the ones where other people who are your ideal clients comment on your posts and then people have

[03:59:33] discussions inside the comments which pushes your post up even more. This is like the best type of content. And I wrote a really funny post the other week which I want to share which got a whole bunch of engagement in the comments. And I want to show you the comments, too, because if you can do this for your industry, and Beck does this really consistently. This is the type of content where other people are going to start talking about it without even you knowing anything about it, which is pretty cool. Now, this post I wrote, it's not a lead generating post. I did it purely as an experiment cuz I thought it was really funny. So, don't be like, "Oh, Matt, but this isn't lead generating." It's like, I experiment

[04:00:12] because I'm just doing funny and I think it's funny. Here's me doing the classic Eiffel Tower shot, which I thought was pretty funny. And if we read the post, drinking Italian coffee in Italy sucks. It tastes terrible. Here's why. 5 weeks in Venice, Rome, Florence. I bought two cappuccinos daily. 50% chance I'd threepoint it in the trash. Italy had the Renaissance of coffee in the 80s, but Australia has it in modernity. I'll lie down on my sword for this. Debate me in the comments. this post like I feel like half of Italy started destroying me in the comments and I did it on purpose because I wanted to test it out and I actually truly believe that Italian coffee sucks which it does. They're resting on their laurels. Australian

[04:00:55] coffee is the best in the world. Uh but this post itself what it did is in the comments if you look down here had crazy engagement. So Jose over here I think I hope that's how you pronounce your name. It may not be crazy person. Italian coffee is the best. Only Colombian coffee can compete. Are you just used to Australia coffee? 22 likes. Multiple people replying underneath the comments. So these people talking when they comment on my stuff, the way LinkedIn works, it's different to Instagram because if people comment, you don't see the comments. On LinkedIn, if someone comments on your post, their comment might pop up in your feed and your post accompanies that. And so it's a really great, not even an engagement hack, a

[04:01:44] way to promote your content hack if other people are kind of debating in the comments. Antella took this really personally and she got 117 likes for it. In Italy, a cappuccino is very simple. A proper espresso and hot foam, hot milk foam, no vanilla syrup, pumpkin spice, or whatever it is in the post. So probably when you visit Italy, you order a cappuccino, you're expecting Australian cappuccino flavored beverage. So, she obviously got super heated and that one got 10 replies. Each time someone likes or replies on this post, that pushes my post up. So, it gets more visibility from people. And Beck, who sells to rural and regional businesses, she gets this all the time. People in her comments are her ideal clients

[04:02:25] commenting. The same for Ilas. I stopped reading the moment you put cappuccino in the same context with coffee. the moment you added milk, you know, it's officially a milk beverage. And yes, I I said cappuccino on purpose because I knew it would get the rise out of people. I just thought it was super funny. But like the 21 people that like this and the five people that replied, all of these people are donating me their views and impressions because when Ilas engages on my content that comes up in Ilas's feed, people who are connected to them and then they see that and then they correlate it to my post. And now I know this is not a lead generating post because honestly all of my posts are lead generating post mostly. And so if I

[04:03:09] just showed them, I'm just you just look through my LinkedIn feed and there's all LinkedIn people underneath so you'll see it. I wanted to show this cuz I thought it was a funny one. But the best type of content you can ever put out is when people literally promote it for you. And with LinkedIn, it's different to Instagram and different to Tik Tok. Because in the comments in Instagram and Tik Tok, it doesn't really do anything. You have to go into the comments to see what's happening. And everyone loves reading the comments. It's funny with LinkedIn. If someone comments and that gets a lot of views, when someone else is scrolling the feed, just the comment will come up as a thing accompanied with

[04:03:46] your post. And so, this is the best type of lead generating content because you get other people to push your views for you and they introduce other people inside your world. And I thought this was a pretty funny one. And yeah, feel free to debate me in the comments whether Italian coffee sucks or not. I'll still uh lie down on my sword for this, too. All right. So, now I'm going to get the laptop and we're going to set it up and we're just going to go through writing some content just so you can see how to actually do it. Uh because I think it's really important. And again, we've got some AI tools below so you can follow along and help yourself with AI, how you can write your own content. So,

[04:04:19] I'm actually going to do it. I'm going to show you how to save the posts, where to do it, how to actually steal the formats, and how to insert your stuff your tribal language. Again, AI tools are blow. I'm not going to show you how to do it with AI because I think it's just really hard to follow on the screen. I just want to show you how you can even just do it analog now or manually. Uh, and then it's actually not as complicated as what people think. So, I've got my laptop, which is pretty cool. What I've pulled up on the screen is I've just pulled up the LinkedIn feed. This is just the regular LinkedIn feed that everybody sees. And all you got to do to find the outline content is just scroll through the feed until you

[04:04:58] come up or you you find a post that catches your eye and then you just click this dot dot dot button in the very top right and then you just click the save button and that's it. So I'm just going to scroll through now and I'm just going to see if there's a post that sticks out to me uh that pops to my eye. So, here's one. I just replaced three full-time roles with one AI ecosystem. I'm actually seeing these posts all day, every day now. So, let's keep scrolling. No, nothing came to my mind yet. And again, I'm looking for ones that have like outliers, have a lot of engagement. That doesn't necessarily mean leads. Uh, but it does mean that it's an outlier. So, it has propensity to get more engagement. So, this one here, okay, I

[04:05:45] built a $5,000 AI research agent for $0 in exactly 5 minutes. So, notebook LM Claude, whether this is true or not, whatever. But I like the format. So, I click the three dots and I click save. That's it. That's literally all I got to I don't even have to read the post because I'm just getting an idea that comes to me now within my mind that's just like, you know, in I built a, you know, whatever AI agent for $0 in exactly whatever minutes and I can show them how to do it. So, that's what's just coming to my mind. So, it's like it's drawing me out of the screen, but I could potentially get an idea to put it in there. Then when if I go to the save posts, I've got a whole bunch of saved posts from all different people and I

[04:06:25] haven't used all of them because just remember once you get one format, you can use that same format every single week for multiple months. And so I'm going to show you a post, you know, in a second which I posted seven times and each time it generated me boatloads of leads, which is really awesome. So what it does is it saves it here in your saves posts. That's it. And so then I can just scroll through and I can be like, "Okay, cool. Here's all the different types of saved posts that I've got." And so the one I'm going to use is the one that we used uh we saw before, which is I just got off the phone with. I'm just going to find that one. So I'll hit control or command F. I just got off a call with someone from Meta's internal

[04:07:06] team. So all you got to do is you click these like three little dots and you click copy link to post and then you can just paste the post and then it brings it up. Super simple. And then you can either copy the entire post if you want if you want to steal the entire format or you can just copy the hook. And I'm just going to open it up in this tool called Author Up. So Author Up is a writing tool that I use for LinkedIn. Super simple. And I'm just going to paste the post. Reason I like Author Up is cuz what's going on there is because on the right hand side you can see what it looks like on the mobile phone. And 70% of people view LinkedIn from the mobile phone. So, you've just got to make it mobile friendly. So, I'm going

[04:07:47] to click this less button. And so, you can see the hook there is I just got off team. So, what I'm going to do now is like we're going to go back to the example that if I'm a physiootherapist and if I work with CrossFit dads from the Northern Beaches, how could I rewrite this hook? Because this format obviously works, but how could I put it together? So, I'm just going to hit I'm going to hit more here and click on the left. I'm going to hit enter twice just so I can bring up a new line. And I'll just say I just got off a call with a dad from Newport who crashed his his shoulder doing kipping pull-ups. at the box. Cool. Cool. So, this hook, if we're talking about tribal language, remember we're painting someone's house.

[04:08:53] That's what we're doing. And so, in the hook itself, I said, I just got off a call with a dad. So, if someone is a dad, they're like, I'm a dad, too, from Newport. Well, Newport's in the Northern Beaches. I might be from Naraban, but I know where that is. who trashed his shoulder. Cool. Well, I've had some shoulder injuries for a while that I'm thinking about doing kipping pull-ups at the box. And the box means CrossFit gym. So, someone reading this is going to think in their mind tribal language. Dad, Newport, trashed shoulder, kipping pull-ups, which is a CrossFit word, and the box. And so this perfectly markets to this ideal client. So even if a physio wanted to put this post up on LinkedIn or an ad on Meta, if they said,

[04:09:44] you know, I just got off a call with this person, the person who is the dad from Northern Beaches who does CrossFit is going to read this because they're painting the inside of their house. And you can see the the words we've used here, which is kipping, pull-up, and box. And that's it. That's enough recognition that these people would stop and that they'd immediately look at it. And I'm going to show you another couple of examples of just just how it easy it is because these words, it's just tribal language, which is really simple. So, I'm going to delete this one. And I'm actually, no, I'm going to bring it back. And I'm just going to keep the hook by itself cuz then we can look at all the hooks next to each other. Cool.

[04:10:25] So, let's go find another post. So, I pulled up a couple of contrarian posts that I wrote, which we're going to put together because I think these are quite cool. And so, we've got this post here that I wrote that says, "If you don't have clients, stop posting on LinkedIn." So, I'm saying that's a pretty contrarian opinion. Why would you not post content? So, if I copy this post and I then put it back into the post thing over here, then I can think to myself, okay, cool. Well, if I am a CrossFit, you know, physiootherapist to CrossFit dads now, what should I do? So, I can say if you're a dad, if you're a dad in your 30s, stop doing kipping pull-ups. So, if you're a or I could even say if you're a beaches dad, I wouldn't say

[04:11:22] 30s, I probably say 40s, stop doing kibbing pull-ups. So that like I said, you know, if you don't have clients, stop posting on LinkedIn. If you're a beaches dad in your 40s, stop doing kipping pull-ups. I don't need to say if you're a beaches dad that does CrossFit. I just say kipping pull-ups. And so you can see how that post would be like, oh Like that would call out that person cuz I'd be like, whoa, that's crazy. And if I really wanted to go broader, I wouldn't say if you're a beaches dad. I'd say if you're a dad in your 40s, stop doing kipping pull-ups. That would be broader. So I can broad it to a larger tribe of CrossFit people, which is really key. So you can see how easy this is to to put it together. Now,

[04:12:03] let's grab a couple of other hooks and I'll separate these with some lines just to make it easier to read and then we'll read them all at the end. Cool. So the next one is I see some stupid on LinkedIn. These are the three three worst. Cool. So we can grab that. I probably won't grab all of the things there. I'm just going to grab the hook and I'm going to add it in. And then underneath here, I'm just going to write, okay, cool. What am I going to write here? I'll say as a physio for CrossFit dads, I see some stupid Here's the three three worst. Now, again, you don't have to swear in your content. I just swear. But if if you say I I see some stupid things they do or something like that, that's totally fine. But if I say here,

[04:12:56] if I look at this as a physio for CrossFit dads, I see some stupid or I see some I see some I see some stupid I think stupid cuz it's funny. Here's the three worst. Or I see some stupid in the box. In the box. Here's the three worst. It's tribal. It's And so all of these three things I can add them in and these people are going to resonate with that because they're going to be like, "Well, I want to know what the physio for CrossFit dads thinks, you know." So I could I could even say, you know, CrossFit dads. And you could swap this out. You could say, "Hi, Rocks dads." Or you could say as a, you know, whatever it is for someone, a certain person, my mind leaking now. I need another coffee or

[04:13:43] some lunch or something. You know, I see some stupid in the box. Here's the three words. So it's really simple. Once you find these formats, you just need to plug in your stuff. Now, do I know what the stupid the physio says is? I don't. I'm not the niche, but they could write it and they could probably very easily write it. If I said to a physio, "Yeah, what's the three dumbest things dads who do CrossFit do?" "Well, this and this and this." Cool. Write the post. Once you've got the hook, it makes like everything infinitely times easier. Now, we've got the next post. So, this one's pretty funny. The LinkedIn pyramid scheme no one's talking about. Let's go this one. So, how do we do it? So, the

[04:14:21] the CrossFit pyramid scheme, no one's talking about. Again, this is super high level or a bit more broad than the other one is, but for people that, you know, are interested in CrossFit, which is a tribe, it's got a pretty big crowd. um and that no one's talking about. This might bring them in. So, not just might not just bring CrossFit dads, but it might bring all CrossFit people. But that's okay. You can sometime you can broaden out your tribe. It's just you have to have the tribe specifically that you go after. And I'm sure the CrossFit pyramid scheme that no one's talking about is a hook that every CrossFit is going to read cuz I'm a CrossFitter and I would read it. Cool. Now, the last one. All right. So, this is uh this is a

[04:15:08] personal brand post that I did that said, "For 27 years, I was a loser because I believe this lie. You know, if I understand it, that means I'll do it." So, I we can plug something in here for the CrossFit Dad. Let's hopefully I can come with something good because uh we're filming an expensive YouTube video. So, you know, for I'd probably say something like for for five years training CrossFit in Newport. I believed this lie that kept me injured. Cool. So for 5 years training CrossFit in Newport, I believe this lie that kept me injured. And then I'd say in the next part would be like, I need to lie on my back after every workout for it to be worth going to the box that day. Cool. And I'm saying that because I

[04:16:21] did used to believe that lying CrossFit that you had to be lying on your back after every workout to even get a good workout in. So for five years training um CrossFit in Newport or I could even just say I don't even have to say Newport after 5 years or like I would say actually no let's go back to what I said before for 5 years um training CrossFit in Newport. I believe this lie that kept I believe this lie actually we'll go more specific that not kept me injured that messed my lower back cuz everyone who has crossfit has lower back injuries. I need to lie on my back after every workout day. Cool. And so we've got here now one, two, three, four, five posts that a CrossFit physio for new dads in Sydney's

[04:17:12] on the beaches could put out that I guarantee their ideal client is actually going to read it. We'll go through them again. I'll just read them all out and then we'll get to the next section. So I just got off a call with a dad from Newport who trashed his shoulder doing kipping pull-ups at the box. So keeping pull-ups is tribal language only CrossFitters get. box is tribal language. I've said dad if a dad is a dad they'll read it. Newport it's a suburb on Sydney's northern beaches and you would only really know that if you were in Sydney if you if you wouldn't know. It's like I don't know suburbs in Belgium. Why would I know that? So I'm not going to see the content. And who trashed his shoulder? So every

[04:17:47] CrossFitter is worried about their shoulder and their lower back and usually knees and elbows. That's kind of the most common thing. Now the next one is if you're a beaches dad in your 40s, stop doing kipping pull-ups. And so keeping pull-ups is a contentious thing where you know you swing from the bar doing those pull-ups, everyone thinks it looks stupid doing it. But if you're a beaches dad in your 40s, stop doing them. And it's like if that comes from a physio. I could even say I'm a physio. If you're a beaches dad in your 40s, stop doing pull-ups. Actually, I'd actually rather change that. I'm I'm a physio. And then I'd say if you're a beaches dad in your 40s, stop drinking. That's even better. You say who you are. The next

[04:18:28] one is as a physio for CrossFit dads. I see some stupid in the box. Here's the three worst. And so physio crossfit dads stupid and box and the three worst. So I've added a list. Really important. The next part is the CrossFit pyramid scheme no one's talking about. So I've obviously CrossFit's the only piece of tribal language here that actually comes up, but everyone knows what a pyramid scheme is. And so I'm calling out pyramid scheme and then no one's talking about it. So it's like wow I can't find this on chat jbt. Where do I find it? This is crazy. And the last bit is for 5 years training crossfit in Newport. I believe this lie that messed my lower back. I need to lie on my back after every workout for it to be worth

[04:19:11] going to the box that day. Tribal language all weaved in it which is crazy. And you know, if you really wanted to go super crazy, last one in super high level, uh, and we want to use the full hook movie trailer of everything. I just got off a call with Matt Fraser and Rich Froing. If you don't know who they are, you should look them up. They're the known as the best male CrossFit athletes of all time. So, I just got off a call with Matt Fraser and Rich Froing. You know, they said kipping pull-ups should be banned from CrossFit. The chat blew my mind. Actually, not the chat blew my mind. I argued argued with them. Why not? We now hate each other. Other Here's why. So, something just like super ridiculous. This is the the

[04:20:14] Mr. Beast flying to Mars one. So, read again. I just got off a call with Matt Fraser and Rich Froing, the greatest crossfitters. And so, every every CrossFit dad or CrossFitter looks to those guys and be like, "They're like the goats." Uh, they said kipping pull-ups should be banned from CrossFit. You'd be like, "That's crazy. I've seen Bridgeing videos. He said he does keep pull-ups all the time." He's like late 30s now. I argue with them why not. Now, we hate each other. Here's why. Just created some crazy conflict in there. And you can make this a satire post or what if you want. But you can see how all you got to do is you got to weave in proper nouns, language that only tribes would actually know. And you're probably

[04:20:48] thinking, what's these kipping blobs? Just look them up at the same time on AI. You'll know what it is. Um, and that's how you create content. That's literally all it is. And so all I do and all I teach clients to do and again there's an AI tool below to help you do it is you just need to go through the LinkedIn feed and then literally just find content that you resonate with and that draws you out and you're like, "Oh wow, this is crazy. I'm just going to click this dot dot do more button and save it." And that gives you unlimited inspo. And then once you find formats like this, like I've done this post here that I've done, which is how I closed, you know, 660 grand on WhatsApp in six months, 28% wearing green socks with

[04:21:30] Zoom slides. And you can see here's me with my dog Cherry in the background. Green socks, Zoom slides. I did it once there. I did it here. I did it here and here and here. So that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 times in about 6 months I post it because once you get a format that's done, you can do it. And so if you're a CrossFit dad for Northern Northern Beaches CEOs or physio or dads, sorry. Um, you can just steal these hooks and you've got all your content right there. Awesome. I hope you enjoyed this content section. I could probably do a video for 10 hours plus on content, I reckon. And I probably will put one out there soon. Uh, going deeper and deeper and deeper, but the AI tools have all the principles. This is

[04:22:24] everything you need to put out tribal content that generates boatloads of inbound leads. And I know I forgot the post where my client has 350 connections and they got, you know, 50 inbound leads, you know, on like their third post. I'm going to show it to you in the next section. Uh, but next up we're going to be covering is the DMs. DMs in particular, we're going to show you how to take someone from either a complete stranger or someone who knows you to wanting to talk to talking to you and actually wanting to buy from you. And in this section, I'm going to show you five real life examples of DMs and cold DMs that I've sent to five CEOs worth 500 million that got 100% reply rates. And I'm going to show you how you can get

[04:23:06] those templates and how you can turn them into your own templates. Uh so you can use them for yourself, which is pretty cool. It's in the LinkedIn uh content LinkedIn cold DM Bible that I previously wrote. Cool. So let's uh go to the next section. So, we've covered uh finding your tribe, building a brand, and creating content that generates you inbound leads. Uh now we're up to my literal favorite part, which is part four, the DMs. This is my absolute favorite thing on the entire of LinkedIn. You maybe thought I'm cool. I'm keen about content and stuff in the last session, but the DMs is like literally where it's at. I'm going to show you how I oneshot booked calls with five CEOs, all worth $500 million. I'm

[04:23:48] just going to give you the exact template so you can do it too. And it works even better if you're not DMing CEOs. It's actually way easier for other people. But to cover this off, I need to pull out the trusty whiteboard again cuz there's three parts in this this section or chapter we're going to call it that matter. So these are the three different types of leads you can get in the DMs. And what's really important to know is that cold leads, intent leads, and inbound leads, you need to treat completely differently. That's the thing. So whenever someone says, "Hey, this is the perfect, you know, DM playbook or whatever it is." If they don't break down the differences between these, like they're not doing a good job

[04:24:28] because you don't treat all of them the same. Because if you remember from before, we had the six gates of trust. And the six gates of trust, if you don't remember, it was like how to take someone from a stranger to an identity ally. And there were six gates. And people need to walk through each of the gates in order to get to the point where they buy from you. Well, each of the types of DMs that we've got here, they're all at different gates. And that's the purpose of each one. You need to take someone from one side of a gate through the next gate through the DMs. And thus, you need to treat them differently. And thus I'm going to give you examples and breakdowns of all of these completely separately. And what's

[04:25:05] really cool uh with this section is we actually built a LinkedIn DM SAS tool which is pretty wild which connects with AI which actually can write all of your DMs for you based on the conversations and I'm going to show it to you live which I'm super excited about it. So the first type of DM is a cold DM. Now, you may watch my content stuff just before you're producing content, but sometimes it takes time for people to trust you on content, especially if you're newer, you've never done content. Obviously, I showed you some examples of clients that, you know, have crushed it. But it doesn't happen to everyone. And like virality just doesn't automatically happen. If if somebody knew how to go viral every single time, they'd be

[04:25:39] literally a trillionaire. Like, it it's not exist. It's still all luck. It's still a lot of it is luck, but you can engineer it. But cold DMs is where everybody usually has to start. And the purpose of the cold DM is to get someone through gate one. Just through gate one. Now if you remember what gate one is, gate one is someone asking, is this real? So the goal of your initial first DM, depending how good you are at DMs, is to just get someone to recognize that this is legitimate and it's real. And the worst form of DM that anybody receives on LinkedIn is like the the the VA spam DMs. It's like, "Hey, we have a VA company. It's like this massive paragraph and they're like, "Hey, blah blah blah blah." And you're like, "Is

[04:26:25] this even addressed to me? Is this even a real human? I don't even know." So, it doesn't do the job. Also, that fake personalization you do, you're like, "Hey, saw you commented on this person's post. That's amazing. I thought I'd connect. Oh, by the way, do you have 15 minutes for a coffee chat?" It's not real. It sounds like a robot. And so it doesn't pass the real or it doesn't get you through the real gate, which is really important. So cold DMs we're going to be covering first, but I'm going to be showing you how to like oneshot book calls through cold DMs because you can actually get people through all four gates in one DM. And I'll prove to you how. Next up, we've got intentbased DMs. Now intentbased

[04:26:59] DMs, they're already at a gate one, which is they already kind of know who you are and they think you're real. They're just at the point where they're thinking, okay, is this for me? So, they're kind of like potting pottering around and looking at your stuff. An intentbased DM is if somebody sees your content and engages on it. If they like a post or if they comment on a post, they've shown a level of intent or a signal that might be interested. Also, if they viewed your profile on say LinkedIn, right, you can see if they viewed your profile. If they connect with you or send you a connection request, if they follow you, if they engage with one of your comments where you talk about something about your

[04:27:34] business, that's a level of intent. Also, you can find if you don't your post now, if you find someone else's post that's around something that you do and they comment, engage on that, that's a level of intent. And so, intentbased ones are great because they're already kind of semi- looking for the thing. You don't know where they are right now, but they're at the point where they're like, "Okay, is this for me?" And so, you need to treat these people slightly differently. They're a little bit warmer than cold. Uh, but what you need to do is you need to still have a conversation and a discourse with the person. The third type of lead is an inbound lead. And these are, you know, the kind of red-hot, ready to buy people. And these

[04:28:11] people are the ones that need to get through a gate three. So, usually they've seen your stuff. They consider you real. They kind of think it's for me. And they're at the special snowflake gate. They're thinking to themselves like, you know, yeah, but do they understand why a very specific situation? Now, if you have really tribed down, so niche down into specific tribes, you can get people through a gate three through your content. But I'm not going to talk about that in the context of this conversation because the only people that are crushing it with tribe based content are people I work with and maybe after someone who's read this video or some of my books. So, I'd rather cover where people are at now to

[04:28:46] talk through your experience. But, if you dial in the tribes, you can actually get people to say, "Shut up and take my money just from your content," which is pretty crazy. And I've done it like hundreds and hundreds of times. And gate three is this is again the snowflake gate. And the snowflake gate all it is is people think to themselves, I am a special snowflake. Do you understand my special snowflake situation? So you say you're like, so you're saying you help recruiters, but do you help recruiters like me? You know, I'm special. You know, I've got two staff and I'm located in Sydney and blah blah blah blah blah. Even though you can all help recruiters, it's the same thing. People just need to

[04:29:20] verify if they're for you. And the inbound leads like this, they've already shown a signal that like I'm actually quite could be interested and I'm coming to you to have a conversation or a discourse. And these people are speed to lead. So it's very different these these leads how you treat them. The leads kind of below the line which are inbound leads. They're speed to lead. Meaning the faster you get back to them, the faster you kind of qualify them and then get them on a call if you do sales calls or send them an offer dock if you sell via that, the better because that's when their emotions are charged and that's when they're feeling like, okay, I really want to make a decision and so you can move them very quickly through

[04:29:55] the gates to get them to buy your stuff. Now, this totally depends also because if you sell into large enterprises and bigger businesses like I've done with enterprise sales, uh you know, if you're selling into a 1,000 or 10,000 person company, like you may have speed to lead to get a meeting, but you're not going to close a deal in six maybe six or 12 months. So, but it is to get them on a meeting at least. Now, above the line, you just need to take more time with people. So, if they're cold, like you can send them a really good oneshot cold DM, but obviously I have a lot of practice doing this and so I've done a lot and the ones I'll show you, I've shown that. But, you know, intentbased DMs, even if they've just shown a level

[04:30:28] of intent, they're not like putting their hand up and being like, you know, shut up and take my money, they're kind of like, I'm kind of interested. I'm kind of warm. And so, you've got to gauge out the conversation, which is really key. And so, these are the three different types, and I'm going to be covering them now. And so, when we go through the cold DMs, uh, I'm going to be walking you through like five examples of like real life DMs. I'm going to be showing you the sevenst step write a DM um, segment where you can write your own cold DMs. My clients have been using it like last week and just been oneshot booking calls which has been insane. And then I'm also just now going to take you through the 2 by two

[04:31:00] grid that I use just to understand like the thought process of cold DMs cuz if you can't immerse yourself into them now like and really get a good understanding. It's really hard to conceptualize cuz the way that I teach it is is kind of quite different to what you've probably seen before and it's quite a bit counterintuitive to what the market actually thinks. And just as a reminder so you don't forget, let's go back through the six gates of trust again just quickly so you can conceptually get it and understand it. So move this up here and we've got the old trusty iPad. The six of trust if you may remember from before there's three gates on the left hand side and three gates on the right hand side. So the

[04:31:40] goal of these gates when we're thinking through is somebody starts as a complete stranger on the left hand side or they're an identity ally which is someone like you know who tells everyone else about your stuff. So they could be your best client, your family member, my partner, whoever it is. That's an identity ally. They tell other people about your stuff. Now the first gate is to walk through is the real gate which is for cold DMs up here. So if someone like doesn't ever heard from you before and they don't even know who you are, the first thing they're going to be like, "Cool, is this real? Is this person actually even real? Is this a fake DM? Is this a robot? What actually is this? So, the goal of the cold DM, is

[04:32:14] to get someone at least to pass the real gate. So, you're a legitimate human being, which is really, really key. The second gate, which is gate two, is the MI gate. So, that's when they're seeing your stuff and they're thinking, "Okay, but this is for me." And the gate when they're intent stage, where they send you a connection request, they view your profile, engage in your content, they're kind of dabbling and they're thinking to themselves, "Ah, this person's real. I'm just kind of seeing if it's for me. Like, is this actually for me?" And that's gate two which is over here. And so the purpose of you know an intentbased where someone maybe sends you a connection request is for you to engage in a conversation and then you

[04:32:47] know get them to understand that maybe this is for them or maybe it's not for them if it's actually not for them. You should definitely tell people straight away. Now the third gate is inbound. So that's gate three. And gate three is the snowflake gate. And with the snowflake gate, this is where somebody's like, "Okay, this seems like it's for me, but do you understand my special snowflake situation?" So, this is when someone will message you off your content and be like, "Hey, Matt, I saw your post. Like, have you worked with any recruiters from Sydney?" And that's when they'll ask you that type of question. So, they're like, "Okay, you're real. Um, it seems like it's for me, but they are they work with

[04:33:21] people like me?" Exactly. And this is where case studies and all that kind of stuff come into play. And then the goal of the inbound when they come into you is to move them through gate three. And so you want to move them from here to here, from here to here, and then from here to here. And then the goal is to get them over here. Now, from what you may have remember before when we talked about tribe based content and tribal objects, you know, like the, you know, the gar for runners, the goal of the first three gates is for them to understand that you understand their external reality. This was the painting of their house framework. So the whole goal here is to paint their external reality. And the thing here is that if you don't

[04:34:04] have a niche, if you don't like if you don't niche down, it's very difficult to paint the inside of someone's house. It's really hard. But if you know if they're a crossfitter from the Northern Beaches and they've got kids, you can assume that they're going to have these things in their house so you can paint their house. This is why, you know, if someone's, you know, if someone's niche is I help uh leaders become better leaders, let's say it's stupid. Who's the niche? What's the house going to look like? What's inside their bag? You you have no idea. And so that's what's really key. And so, you know, if you are a business that does do that and you've grown your business in referrals, content marketing is never going to work

[04:34:43] for you. I'm just being straight. Like unless you actually niche down and go after a specific target market, you're better going after a different growth strategy. Because if you just post really high fluffy content that doesn't mean anything to anyone, like sure it does some brand play and some reminders, but you're never going to be like generating trust and sharing inbound leads. You have to do it the way that the algorithms work now. And so that's the six gates of trust as a re reminder. And these are the three types of leads. So we'll get rid of this trusty iPad which is lovely. So, back to the three types of leads. So, in this segment now, I'm going to go through the cold leads first and I'm

[04:35:20] going to walk you through the sevenpart sequence to writing a cold DM that OneShot books a call. I have an AI tool down the bottom that can write this and link ninja tool which I'll show you can write all the DMs because it's got all my tools built into it which is great. Uh, and I'm going to walk you through the five DMs that I sent to five founders worth $500 million that one shot booked calls with these people or got a 100% reply rate. Uh, and the great thing about these DMs is that it's way harder for me to get in touch with people worth a lot of money. Like when I DM Frank Grief, who sold his business for $180 million and he got back to me in one DM, like it's hard to DM this these type of people. It's hard to get

[04:35:57] into contact with them. So, I'm showing you like playing the video game on like very hard mode. You're probably only on like medium mode. So, these oneshot DMs are going to be even better for you. That's why you may be thinking, "But I don't need to DM these big CEOs." It's fine. like this is better. This is like the the creme nil creme of DMs because if I can get on a call with Ali Abdal, well, you can get on a call with Joe Blow from the accounting firm. Much easier to get in contact with. Second is going to be intentbased leads. So, these are people who engage on your content. They like your profile. Let's say they like your they like your content. They view your profile. They send you a connection request. They may even engage

[04:36:35] on competitors content but similar to what you do. It's intentbased leads and how you go after them. And then the third is going to be inbound leads. You know, when the people who are redot and ready to buy and then how to move each of them through the sequential gates. I'm going to be walking through our tool link ninja on like how to actually do it and how to use our MCP server and AI. Even though these sounds like big crazy random words, all you have to do is you just speak into your computer and it does things. And so it's pretty insane what it can do. And we had a client, we started our beta last week and by the time this video is out, we're running in full force. One client 4xed his reply

[04:37:10] rates in a day. Literally just using MCP, which is pretty insane. So, I'm excited to go through this now with you. So, first thing, let's go the two through the 2 by two grid of what makes the perfect cold DM. Sweet. But before I do that, I want to walk you through the best DM that I've ever received. And so when we're thinking about DMs, I'm going to walk you through this, but this is what a DM should feel like. So before I walk through the 2 by two grid. So I received this handwritten card and it's pretty neat writing, right? I cannot write like this from my buddy Alex Broen from the US over Christmas and he wrote this to me. He goes, "You might just be the most unapologetically authentic man

[04:37:54] on LinkedIn and I appreciate it. It's been fun getting to know you, mate. I've also admire your ability to self-reflect and improve on aspects of your psychology and character. It's rarer than you think. Keep doing you. Wishing you all the warm and and happy holiday season. May the force be with you, Alex Broen. The thing I can learn about this is one, it made me feel great to receive this. Why would it not? Everybody opens up a handwritten letter in the mail. But also two, this DM or snail mail wouldn't have made sense to anybody else that it was sent to. No one. If if Alex sent this to someone else, they would have no idea what the context of this is. The key to the best cold DMs is if you send

[04:38:37] a DM to someone and it hits their inbox, if you send it to someone else, it wouldn't make sense. It's 100% personalized and relevant to that one person. It makes sense to no one else. So when they receive it, they go, "Oh, this must be for me." And then they read it like a handwritten letter and then they can decide, am I going to respond or not? This is the key to DMing that no one tells you about. Because if you send those really shitty DMs like, "Hey, I saw you engage on this person's post. Thought I'd connect. Can I have 15 minutes to have a coffee chat?" Yes, it's personalized, but you could have wrote that to anyone. Like, it doesn't make any logical sense. It's actually really easy to write a really cold DM

[04:39:22] once you get shown how to do it. You just have to write something that would make sense to no one else other than the person who actually receives it. So, I wanted to show you this because when you think about a handwritten letter, you think, well, you have a 100% open rate because it's for you. And everybody reads an entire handwritten letter always. And why is that? It's for you. It's not addressed to anyone else. But let's go through the 2 by two grid now because this is going to make some even more sense. Cool. So, let's go through what cold and bad dims look like using our trusty 2 by two quadrant. And you're probably going to remember that this looks very similar to the other quadrant for content before. And that's because

[04:40:00] content and DMs are effectively the same thing. So, when you think about content, you're writing something on the news feed on LinkedIn and that gets broadcasted from one person to many people and they read it. Now, the goal though of when you're writing in the news feed is you're trying to write it to a person. So, if I'm the physio, I'm trying to think of the CrossFit dad from Northern Beaches. And let's say I'm thinking about one of my previous clients, Phil, who their shoulder, doing giving pull-ups. When I write the content, I'm meant to be thinking about Phil and writing it, addressing it to Phil. So, a great tip for content is write, "Dear Phil," and then you write the hook, and then at the end, you rub

[04:40:43] off, "Dear Phil." So, you're trying to think of the ideal client or your previous customer who was in a lot of pain when you're writing it. The DMs are the same thing. The DMs are just content one to one because if you look at the LinkedIn feed, there's actually two feeds. There's the news feed, which is one to many, and the DM feed, which is one. So, when someone goes to LinkedIn or Instagram or any other platform, they choose which feed to consume. And if you send them a really great DM, they're going to consume their DM feed. So, it's actually two different feeds that live inside the platform. So, when we talk about DMs, there's a spectrum. So, there's DMs that are either for a stranger or it's for them. It's

[04:41:24] literally addressed to them. And there's DMs that are generous. Let's pretend that says generic, generic, and specific. And a generic DM that's for a stranger is VA spam. Everybody receives theirs via email and on LinkedIn. It's this giant pitch thing. And there's just people's VAS from VA companies just all the VA send VA messages from everywhere and it's just spam. It's like it means nothing to no one. And it's not you you literally get these messages and I think to myself sometimes I was like was this addressed to me? It's like when I got mail and it's like you know at the place I was the previous place I was living at like I'd get mail from like address to different people. I'm like I'm not going to open that.

[04:42:06] It's like for someone else. That's these messages you're sending. So, when you're grabbing these just random cold DM templates and you're sending them, you're just sending spam and this actually damages your brand. It makes you look stupid. So, I definitely wouldn't suggest doing it. Then, we've got DMs, which are generic or generous and for them. That's a door knocker. That's when someone comes to your house, knocks on your door, and they're like, "Hey, we're selling solar panels. You want to buy them?" And like, you know, it can be, you know, specific like, you know, it's for you, but it's quite generic. They don't really know if you need solar panels, if you've had them or whatnot. You know, it's same as

[04:42:40] Jehovah's Witnesses coming to your door. They don't really know. They're just kind of playing the luck. And these types of things actually do work surprisingly. It just requires you to do a lot of volume. And this is what the cold email bros talk about. And it works. If you send a million emails, you get some people who come back to you. But like I prefer not to do the door knocker stuff cuz there's actually a much better way. The next one is DMs that are for strangers but are specific. And these are my favorite ones. come back to the fortune cookie. So, the fortune cookies the same as content. You know, they're very specific, but they're kind of for a stranger or can be for anyone. And that's a fortune cookie. So,

[04:43:15] let's open up the next fortune cookie and see what it says. And let's pretend this is someone sends you a DM. Wow. It's a It's caught. It's uh I got all over the table. That's okay. It's part of the scene. Makes it magical. And it says uh you will always be successful in your professional career. yeah. Winning, right? Makes me feel great. But you could send it to anyone and it would feel great. And you know, but it doesn't really do anything towards a sale. It's just it just makes people feel good. These are great messages to send to your friends. Hey, I was just thinking about you. You're a legend. Great. It works out. But they're not the types of things that actually work on LinkedIn. Watching

[04:43:54] cookies. Probably finish these by the end of the night. All right. So, what's the best type of DM? The best type of DM is if you unclog someone's toilet. It's when your dad comes to your house, you know, you're playing around with some things. Oh, by the way, I just unclogged your toilet. It was blocked. Oh, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. It's when somebody does something or I send you something that literally feels like a gift. It's like you just came out of nowhere and you just unexpectedly delighted them. You just love b love bomb them in the DMs and they're just like, I don't even know where this person came from, but this is amazing. And I'm going to walk you through five of these ones now because

[04:44:30] you may be thinking, "Yeah, but like how do I actually do that and operationalize it?" So, I'm going to walk you through how to do these ones now so you can do it yourself. So, I'm going to walk you through an example of one that I sent and walk you through step by step. Then, I'm going to walk you through the seven steps to create it. And you don't need to even remember the seven steps. They're in the AI tool. And then, I'm going to show you four more to prove you that it actually works. Cool. Let's walk through. Let's pull up the trusty LinkedIn cold DM Bible and every book I've ever put out about LinkedIn I've got below. So like we've got the antiviral bible, the niche bible, the selling build trust. All of this is

[04:45:05] available if you guys for free so you can get access to it. So when I'm talking through the cold DM bible, uh the person I actually DM'd was no no this guy Ali Abdal. So Ali Abdal, 6.58 million YouTube subscribers, usually hard to get in contact with. And so I'm going to walk you through the DM I sent him. And before I send it, you may be thinking, Matt, you've got advantages to be able to send this DM to him and blah blah blah. Hey, you got his WhatsApp number. When you think that to yourself, these are excuses. This guy is still a really hard person to get in contact with. When you're DMing Joe Blow from the accounting firm, you can literally just pull his phone number off his website. Like, it's super easy. These

[04:45:41] people, it doesn't matter what group you're in, it's still hard to get in contact with them. So, here it is in the chapter. I'm going to read through. And obviously I'm not sharing his WhatsApp number. And we've uh we've got like hundreds of clients that have used this to oneshot book calls with like all different types of businesses. Like someone one used it to oneshot book a call like a $50 million SAS business like last week. And so this works for everyone. It's the same thing. So walk through the actual message. So I'm going to read it out loud. So hey Ally, what's up? We've never met but my name is Matt Leave and we're in boardroom together. A couple of weeks back, I was following your thread relaunching your new

[04:46:18] program. Then I went and checked in your LinkedIn and that's my thing. Weird, I know. I was wondering. I've done three times calls in Black Belt with Taki coaching everyone on booking sales calls and closing deals on LinkedIn. I've booked 5,000 calls myself and coached 1500 founders. I reckon I'd be able to show your team how to turn LinkedIn into insane lead genen engine in 75 minutes. Would you potentially be open to that to the in exchange for potentially assisting us? I know this is kind of weird and out of the blue, but I went through your profile and I know how I can make you win massively. This is me speaking. So, so, so to show you I know what the hell I'm talking about. If not, totally sweet. Let me know. And he came

[04:46:55] back to me. Hey Matt, thanks for reaching out. Yes, would love to turn LinkedIn into a better leads machine. Next few days are rammed. Blah blah blah. Are you going to be there? So, completely got back to me. We ended up catching out. Um, hung out with him and had spaghetti bolognese when we were together in cans and I also worked with people in this program. So, really cool dude. So this DM itself, this architecture, you may think, "Ah, it just sounds like anything." But like when you truly break it down, I made sure that every single key point throughout the entire thing had a layer of a hook that Alli would actually give a about, which was really key. So I'm going to keep the laptop here. I'm

[04:47:31] going to pull up my whiteboard. I'm going to go through the seven parts that I did within this actual framework. And then the AI tool below is so you can copy it to do it yourself, too. So, let's go through now the process of writing a cold DM. So, it's called the perfect cold DM template and dozens of my clients use this to one job calls. And so, this works with all different industries and niches and everything because it customizes it per person. So, we're looking at Ali's DM. We're going to compare it to this and we'll go kind of back and forth a little bit. Now, the perfect gold DM template. There's three layers to it. And the very first layer is what's called getting the gate open. So if you remember from the six gates of

[04:48:14] trust, we're trying to open the gates. And the whole entire point of the first part of the DM is to just get them to start reading it. This is the hook for the DM. And this is where you need to add in different pieces of language for the to get them to actually reply. So the very first part of the cold DM is what called is called tribal recognition. Now it's the same as that tribal content crossfit dad physio 530m class wad amra. This is tribal recognition. So when I DM'd Ally is I needed to show that I'm from the same tribe as him. So I said hey Ellie what's up? We've never met but my name is Lave and we're in boardroom together. A couple of weeks back I was following your thread were you launching your new

[04:49:04] program. What I shared there was that I am from the same tribe and because I'm from the same tribe it's normal for me to reach out to you and it's considered normal. So you need to signal that you're from the tribe. And so if you're if you're a physio for CrossFit Dads, you say, "Hey mate, um so like, "Hey mate, just reaching out. Saw you train at the Mona Gym. Um just um just want to say hi. Like I'm just up the road in Pitwater Road doing whatever. Um I've been training CrossFit myself for 8 years. Got a couple of little ones myself." Very Australian way of saying things. That is tribal recognition around if you were to reach out to someone. So they're like, "Oh, they're from my world. Okay, it's I'm actually

[04:49:45] going to respond respond to this. They're not a rando." The next point is honest naming. This is really key and this is telling the person what this is and calling out the weird. So in the message here I was said then I went and checked on your LinkedIn and that's my thing. Weird. I know. I'm just calling it out that it's weird. I know. And that kind of gives Ally the actual, you know, gives him the permission like does he reply or not. Later on in the message, I also said, "I know this is kind of weird and out of the blue, but I went through your profile and I know how you can win massively." So, I'm calling out the weirdness. And what you want to do is if you're messaging someone or cold calling, you're saying, "Hey, Sean, it's

[04:50:30] Matthew Cave calling from Sevenigure Creators. Sean, this is a cold call. Do you have 2 minutes to hear the reason for my call?" And when you add that at the start of the DM and you layer it throughout, what it does is it gives the promotion person permission to not read it. And just by reading that, hey, this is this, they go, okay, thank you for letting me know and I will continue reading. But they've given themsel permission or they've given you permission to get inside their mind. And honest framing is like or naming is such a key part around how this works. Now the next part is specificity in their words. So this is layering something inside to make the DM actually specific enough so they feel like you

[04:51:16] get them that you understand them. And so if I go through here, you know, I went say then a couple of weeks back I was following your thread and you're launching your new program. So I was keeping up of specificity, you know, then I went and checked on your link LinkedIn profile and that's my thing. Weird I know. And so I then I put it to him and I assumed that okay well based off that he's going to want me to call out something specific. This goes to show that you actually paid attention to someone. Like a really easy thing is that if you meet someone at a conference and you want to call them back you know 2 months later. All you got to do is you got to say hey I remember we're at the conference and we were chatting about

[04:51:52] that Game of Thrones episode. Specificity in their words. It brings them back to the time and the location. So just when I sent that to Ally he would have gone back and thought okay what was in that thread? I don't remember what was in that thread. Okay, I wrote about that. So, it calls them back to the specific location and that specificity in their words. And the goal of layer one is just getting the gate open so they read it and they're open to actually trusting you. It's something that's really, really key because if you don't do this and you go directly into layer two, they might kind of half read it and be like, so even if you can give them a ton of value, even if you can blow up their Instagram profile or

[04:52:31] YouTube profile, whatever it is, or you can get them a bazillion leads for their plumbing business, they're not going to read it unless they feel like you're from your world, unless they feel like, you know, they know what this is. Because nobody likes jumping on a coffee chat for 20 minutes and then someone pitches them at the end. Nobody likes it. Everyone's been through that thing. It's not cool. Like, you want to name it from the beginning. It's like, "Hey, you know, if you want to have a coffee chat with someone, you say, "Hey, you know, I'm just starting my business. I want to work with financial planners to help them build email funnels. Um, I was wondering if I could buy you Uber Eats."

[04:53:02] Like, I'm not going to pitch you in it. I just want to ask you some questions to get some information. And then later on, if I think it's a good fit, can I send you an offer? Sweet. Super easy. That's all you got to say to the person. So, this is layer one, getting the gate open. Let's now go through layer two. uh on how to actually kind of get them to reply, which is really key. So, now let's go through layer two, which is earning their reply. And yes, it magically just got wrote on when it was down there. It's just how it happens. It's magic. So, layer two, layer one was like literally just getting to read it. Layer two is the reply. By this time, they, you know, they know you're from the same tribe. It's specific enough and

[04:53:41] like they're calling out that it's a bit of a weird thing or it's a pitch and they're like, "Okay, cool. I accept it." Now you've got to like this is the convincing point to get them to reply. So the way that this is structured is the fourth part is called inside world proof. And so this means that you live inside their world. It's it's really simple. And when someone says uh you know like how do I do this when I'm reaching out to people cold for the very first time ever? It it's going to be quite difficult doing this. You can say things though like you know I've spent the past four weeks meeting with XY Z number of people. It doesn't matter if you haven't had clients. It just you just have to prove that you're really

[04:54:18] trying. Like really easy way to get clients for the first time is, you know, if there if you want to sell the financial planners, just go to a financial planner event in your city. Just go there. Like really easy. And then you can just DM someone say like, I just went to the financial co Sydney. You literally live inside the world. So it's just so easy, right? There's people like I'm just I'm going to call this out. People are just so lazy though. they just won't do one tiny little thing. And it that's what's really really hard. And although it's like really uncomfortable to go and see people and do stuff like you can't like AI your way into a business where you sell something expensive, it just

[04:54:55] doesn't happen. And the people that you do see it that do do it, they've already had multiple successful businesses in the past. You have to talk to human beings in order to build a business. It's a requirement. Cool. So off that train. So inside world proof. So if I go here, I'm saying here like we're in boardroom together, which is key. A your thread. And so that already enough is inside world proof, but I've still gone on. I said, I was wondering, I've done three times calls in black belt with Taki, coaching everyone on booking sales calls and closing deals on LinkedIn. So you know, a lot of people know Taki Moore. I went through his black belt program and now I'm in his boardroom program and like I'm kind kind

[04:55:31] of known as the LinkedIn guy in there. Obviously, we built a LinkedIn SAS tool and stuff. Uh, and because of that, you know, co he usually coaches Instagram and stuff. Sometimes he'll get me to guest speak and talk on LinkedIn because people want that. So, I've had free trainings in there and Alli later said he watched through my trainings and he thought they are brilliant. So, that was really cool. But like I'm just calling out that like I am inside the world and I literally have proof like here actually is it. And you can say anything. A very easy one is I just went to a conference or I just watched the event online. Just something that shows you actually put in some level of effort. You could even say I was just

[04:56:05] chatting to my accounting firm client last week. We call it, you know, some way you show inside world proof and I've shown it within this message. So inside world proof, it's really key what separates the the pros from the amateurs. When you really add this into the DM, it shows that you actually really care. And it's also unless you niche down or tribe down, it's quite hard to show inside world proof. And so you actually have to be in it. And but what that shows to the other person is that you actually really care. like you really care. You're not just getting this money. Like you really are trying and it's what people want to see. Especially with the world of more and more AI content and DMs. People want

[04:56:41] human stuff. Now the fifth part is called unclog your toilet or unclog the toilet. And this is obviously it's my favorite word, right? It's I thought it was super funny and you're going to remember this forever because it's going to stick in your brain. You're going to think unclog your toilet contact or DMs. So unclog your toilet. What is this? you need to bring something to the person that they kind of didn't expect and they're like, "Whoa, you're gonna fix this thing for me." And so me, I was like, you know, I've booked 5,000 calls on LinkedIn myself. And I know that's like many more calls than Alli's probably booked from LinkedIn cuz he's not that active on LinkedIn. And also, I don't even know if he books calls to be

[04:57:18] honest. So, I actually have no idea. And then I said, I reckon I'd be able to an insane lean machine. So, I'm just like I've just come out of nowhere. I'm like, "Yo, I know you probably got this thing because like you've got this program going. You probably want to use LinkedIn. Obviously, your clients probably want to use LinkedIn." And I did. I ended up doing a training for his clients in this program. And it was super useful. One of his clients actually came and worked with us, too, which was hilarious. It's really key to like actually give them something that's like unclogging their toilet. If I just reached out to him and like fanboy him because yeah, I watched his stuff all through co. I was like, "Man, this guy

[04:57:48] was so cool." Like his second brain stuff he did with Jiago Forte, his productivity stuff. Everyone's brothers did stuff. He's a really cool dude and he's the same in person. Awesome. And his wife, awesome, is actual weapon as well. So, they're both really great people. But, you know, you need to give them something that's worth their time. And the other four DMs I'll show you shortly, these are worth their time, too. And so, that's unclogging your toilet. Now, the last part about the DM is the gift. So, the gift is what am I giving you? And a gift has to be three things. It has to be unexpected, useful, and optional so they can say no. And so the way why way I proposed it to him, I said, you know, this is what I've

[04:58:30] done. I've done all these calls. I reckon I could turn your your in 75 minutes your LinkedIn into an insane lead machine. Would you potentially be open to that in exchange for potentially assisting us? I reckon I I'd be able to show your team how to do it. So the gift was, I don't even want to meet with you. I want to meet with your team. and I'll show them how to do it in exchange for potentially helping us. So, I wasn't just saying this is just a nothingness. And you know, at the end, I said, I know it's kind of weird. And I showed this is me speaking to know I'm not an empty. And this gift of unexpected, useful, and optional was the reason why I was like, hell yeah, I would love to do that. So, it's kind of

[04:59:06] like I've just come out of midair. He's got a program. I know his clients are struggling on LinkedIn, and I'm just coming out of he actually put some of my trainings as his trainings in his thing, which which was awesome. And because LinkedIn's my specialty, it's not his. And people trade things and they help each other out. Just it's like bering before the pre- money times. Works really well doing people favors. And like this format is what gets you a reply because when you message someone, you can signal tribal stuff. But if you just say to them, hey, I'd love to get 15 minutes of your time. They'll be like, no, what the Like why am I going to do that? Like that's super weird. Like that's totally random. And

[04:59:39] so the gift part is just like, you know, unclog their toilet and give them a gift, but make the gift optional. give them like a when you give the gift, give them like the receipt thing, you know, the receipt thing and they can exchange it if they want and they can say no and make it totally optional because even if someone doesn't get back to your DM for this, they will still think to themsel, "Wow, I can't believe you wrote that to me." And the best type of DM is the one the one that you send is when somebody goes home to their partner or their family and says, "Wow, I just received this message from this Matt guy today. It was great. It was so nice. Can't help him at the moment, but it was really

[05:00:13] good." That's what sticks in your memory and that is what made me remember about Alex's message that he sent me. I wouldn't have remembered this because it made me feel special. It made me think about it. It was great. And this is the type of cold DM. That's the perfect cold DM. Now, we've got layer three, which I'm going to walk you up next. So, I'm just going to magically put this down here, and then it's just going to appear back rewritten. So, let's walk through it now. All right, let's go through the last layer, which is layer three, remove friction layer. And there's only one point here out of the seven, and that is the permission close. All you got to do is remove the friction from the person

[05:00:55] so they don't feel like this is a difficult thing. And this is one of the easiest things to do in any cold DM. And in this, I just said, if not totally sweet, let me know. That's it. Give them an out. Give them the ability to say no. Just give them an out. Super easy. If not, totally sweet. Or, you know, if you're too busy, just let me know. No, no biggie. That's all it is. It's all you have to add to the end of any cold DM you send to make someone feel like, okay, cool. I'm not feeling pressure to get back to this, so I can give it a week. You could even say something like, "Hey, and I know you're super busy. I don't expect you to get back to me on this. Like, even if it's a couple bleaks, no problem." It makes the person

[05:01:37] feel, you know, because for them it might be a really bad time. You know, they might read the DM and be like, "This is amazing, but I'm going through right now. I've got like 3 weeks." But if you say at the end, "Yeah, don't worry about getting back to me." It's like, "Thank you. I don't even have to respond. This is great." Like, you've just landed this thing on my lap and I can grab whenever I want. You've just given me a gift. You've given me an exchange receipt for the gift and I can also just collect it when whenever I want from the shop. That's amazing. That's awesome. And so that's the this is the type of perfect cold DM template that you're going to be able to create. And I'm not going to show you how to

[05:02:11] like write one of these cold DMs. Actually, I may show you how to write a cold DM, but what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you a couple of more examples of these DMs and like how to put them together. And then I might get to my AI tool to write a couple of these bad boys and put it together cuz I think showing it to you in Link Ninja is going to be pretty damn cool. So, let's get rid of this bad boy because the uh the camera above doesn't have much battery left. So, we've got to make sure we get it right so it doesn't look bad and die. and let's go through a couple more DMs. So, I'm going to scroll to the top and I'm going to go to this second cold DM I sent, which was to a guy called John

[05:02:42] Barrows. So, this is John Barrows, one of the know best well-known SAS sales trainers probably on the internet. He's trained 100K sales reps from Zoom, Google, Salesforce, LinkedIn. So, pretty big guy. So, I'm going to walk you through the DMs that I sent John. And the very first DM I sent in 2022 was like a fanboy DM. And then another one past that just saying like, you know, just want to say epic content. I really appreciate you in my sales journey and your YouTube videos were some of the best things I've ever seen, which was pretty awesome. Uh, now then in February 17, 2024, this was when I began the pitch. And this type of pitch was actually what I call a decoy pitch. So I originally was pitching something, but I

[05:03:21] actually wanted something else. So this is a little bit of a trickier one, but you can't do it. So the goal was, you know, initially I'm going to try and potentially get on his podcast, but if I can't, the entire goal is to get him as a client for our LinkedIn done for you services. So the initial pitch that I sent to him was like, "Hey, John, big fan of yours for a long time. Ever since I started watching your sales presentations on YouTube and even when I when one of your team trained us at Zoom, always so much value reaching out to see if you'd be open to having me on your podcast and I just said a whole bunch about things about me, how I'd be relevant. Not saying this stuff to toot my own horn, but more to show the range

[05:03:54] of conversation topics that I've got. And so that was the entire point. I showed that, you know, I I watched his YouTube stuff. I got trained by his team at Zoom. I'm inside your world and I'm trying to be like a good podcast guest and actually reach out. Now, I followed up because, you know, he didn't get back to me. I wouldn't be a good salesperson if I didn't follow up. And then he came back to me was saying, "Hey, Matt, working on a new approach. We're changing the podcast, yada yada yada." So, he just like politely declined me and so it wasn't keen. And I said, "Hm, I need to watch your vids again." blah blah blah blah. And so he's kind of like batting me away. And then this is when I went for the kill. This is when I was

[05:04:26] like, "All right, I'm going to go in and try and get him for this." Cuz the decoy worked. He got back to me. He responded. And just remember, the purpose of every DM is actually just to get a response. It's not even to book a call. It's usually just a response to acknowledge you exist because if you do that, that's a positive. But then I said to him, "Yeah, that would be awesome. I coach essentially how to use LinkedIn to generate five warm leads per week. um you know you need to build personal brand copywriting skills, chatting skills, prospecting skills, yada yada yada make each other 10 signs more efficient and then I send them a Loom video. Now a lot of people um aren't fan of Loom Loom video strategies about

[05:05:02] sending to people. I think they're really good if you get the person's attention and you have a discourse beforehand and you're actually talking because the Loom video I sent was something like uh I haven't even clicked on Loom video. Let's open it. It was like I think it was like two minutes long or something. It was 4 minutes and 49 seconds. That's pretty good. 5 minutes and 47 seconds. Would usually recommend 2 to 3 minutes, but mine was personalized and specific enough. And so I sent that to him and I said, um, this runs through how I'd solve the issues with your personal profile to drive more leads. Uh, I would make sure whoever who make sure whoever you are is going to understands what this is because if they

[05:05:38] don't, then they question it. Can't actually type for some reason. Uh, and then he didn't get back to me. Then I said, "I know it's slightly long, but this is what I what will get you the biggest impact with 60 minutes of work from your team probably." So, I was like pitching him and his team to solve a problem. So, I was going in there with like, you know, unclog your toilet and I was trying to give him a gift that was optional. And then he came back to me saying, "Hey, Matthew, this is one of the most insanely valuable videos right now um I've ever received." And you're 100% right. I'm not going to scroll below because it's got the link to his calendarly calendar link and I don't want to share that online. Uh but he

[05:06:10] came back to me on that one. So you can see how that message and dialogue even though I had to follow up a couple of times within I showed that I was from his world. I showed that I was like you know I worked with your team at Zoom. I'm from the SAS sphere. I was used to watch your YouTube videos. And then I made him a really hyperpersonalized and specific Loom video for him that he was like wow that's extremely valuable and that's great. So I gave him a gift and he didn't actually have to read the gift. He didn't even have to look at it and but and it gave him the option to even respond and he got back to me and so it worked perfectly well. So you can see the cold DMs and these messages, they're not like perfect, but they

[05:06:46] require discourse back and forth like a regular human conversation. So let's go through two more. And these are shorter ones and a bit easier to understand. The next message I sent is to a guy called Frank Grief. Sold his business with his brothers for $100 million. And just remember like below we've got the AI tools. It helps you write these cold DMs and really put them together. Like clients I'm working with right now and obviously people using the free stuff. You just put in your tribes, put in the person's ideal client, and it just writes it for you. So, I'm showing you what it looks like, but it literally writes it for you. All right. So, Frank Grief reached out to him. The reason I was reaching out to Frank is cuz I

[05:07:22] wanted to get on his podcast. Uh because Frank Grief's podcast at the time was, you know, I think it's still going on, one of the best, you know, Aussie podcasts with really high production. And so I knew if I got on this podcast, it's going to line me up to get on bigger podcasts. And it did. It got me on the Agency podcast, which is like Australia's by far biggest marketing podcast. And I've actually been on there twice now. My next episode's going to be live in probably a week. Probably will be out by then. And my current episode has the highest views out of any episode, beating out Dan Martell and a whole bunch of other ones, which is pretty cool. Should definitely check it out. But the way I get on I've got on

[05:07:54] every podcast I've ever got on, literally ever, is I've called DM people. Chris Doe, I got on his podcast. Uh, even Dane from the AG podcast, I cold DM'd him. I just don't have the cold DM here. Maybe I'll share it below also. But Frank Grief was another one. So, I was like, "All right, how am I going to get on this podcast?" So, here's the DM. I'll read it out and then I'll give you context of the story and I'll walk you through how the personalization works and why he responded. So, I sent Frank the message. Tom's pod was dope. Thought I'd connect. also think I might be potentially be a guest that would be valuable. My pitch in 170 characters, number one lead genen expert in Australia and number one in

[05:08:33] the world on all social media. Three and a half million a year LinkedIn biz 100% organic. I can fly to you. That was literally the pitch. And he got back to me saying, "Best 170 character pitch I've ever read. Let's do it." Great. Perfect. So, let's walk through the DM and break it down and I'll walk you through the context. So, I decided to send Frank this DM because I saw this video of my now friend Tom Nosk who was on Frank's podcast. And the podcast at the time was called um I think it was called like Chew the Fat or something like that, Founders Table or something, but he changed it to Kinso because that's the company that they're building now. And I saw Tom on this podcast and I thought to myself, well Tom is a guy,

[05:09:13] he's an Instagram and YouTube guy and he helps people build their business on Instagram. I'm similar to LinkedIn and I was like I was I watched a bit of the app and I was like man I think Frank would probably want me on the episode because I think it'd be awesome. And I was like all right well how do I get on there? What's the best way to do it? Probably LinkedIn. I've got the biggest weight on that platform. And I was like okay cool. And then I did a bit of research on Frank. I found out he's like a high D on the disc personality profile. Meaning he's someone who likes to move really fast, not mess around, all that kind of stuff. I was like okay cool. And I watched Tom's episode to get a good understanding of like what he

[05:09:43] would find valuable on it and how he was like. So, you got to do a bit of research before you reach out to some people, especially bigger people. And then coming back to him, then the way the DM was constructed, I put in a few different things. So, Tom's Pod was dope. The tribal recognition was I'm an Aussie because Australians say dope. And I said Tom's Pod was dope. And Tom's Pod just came out. So, it was it was a recency thing. It was really recent. It showed that I actually watch it. And I said, "Thought I'd connect. Also might be also think I might potentially be a guest that would be valuable. my pitch in 170 characters and then I just went in straight with the credibility showing I'm from his world and I should be

[05:10:19] deserving to be on there. Number one lead gen expert in Australia and number one in the world on all social media. Three and a half million year LinkedIn biz 100% organic and I just finish off with I can fly you. So permission close. No biggie if I can't get on. And if you look at me that was me a couple of weeks later on the podcast with this official one. And this podcast um I've actually used it to get on many other podcasts because of the production value. So getting on a really high quality production value podcast within your niche is a really valuable thing. And then if you go to the Kinso thing, if you look down here, there's uh Tom Nosk just down there. And if you look up here, there's me. And so that's

[05:10:55] literally how it works. So that's the third one. I got two more DMs I want to show you. But yeah, the these and these templates I've given below. So you can use them to go to anyone and people I'm using my clients. These are like the perfect DM templates because you room them out and you can add in your industry, your tribes and all that kind of stuff. And the templates can be used for anything. They can use for podcast experiences, booking sales calls, closing deals. It doesn't matter. It's totally irrelevant. I I'm just showing you like the way I do cold DMs for high leverage things. And again, remember this. I'm playing very hard mode. You get to play on easy mode. It's actually a lot easier and you're going to get a

[05:11:28] way higher reply rate, too. But even with these ones, this is 100% reply rate. Right. The next one I'm going to show you is I cold DM'd a guy called Nathan Barry. Who's Nathan Barry? Uh he is a guy that owns whatchamacallit convert kit or kit worth hundreds of millions of dollars. So pretty well-known guy. Uh so for me, same thing. It was for a podcast appearance, but you can use this for booking calls or anything. Totally fine. Um I said, "Hey, Nathan, just watching your podcast with Tiffany now. I didn't realize you're interviewing coaches. I'm heav heading over to the US next week and would love to jump on your show. Here's my shortest speech of all time. And then I just talked about all the different

[05:12:10] things I've done. Oh, okay. That was a bit longer than I than I thought. Uhhuh. And if you wanted to see how I am live in person, I shot this two weeks ago with Frank Grief and that was when I showed Frank Grief's one. High production value and then it got a lot of views. And then underneath he said, "Thanks for reaching out. I typically do podcasts in batches, so he'd be keen to have me again in June because he wasn't doing it at the time. still 100% reply rate going back to him. I won't spend too much time breaking this one down just because it's a pretty simple one, same as the other templates. All right, so that was to Nathan Barry to Convert Kit 100% reply rate. Um I was going to show you a fifth one, but honestly I

[05:12:44] want to get through all the intentbased DMs and the inbound DMs which we're going to be covering now. Uh but I'll just shove it down below so you can read the fifth one. So what we've learned so far is there's three types of DMs. There's cold DMs, intentbased, and uh inbound DMs. We haven't gone through intentbased and inbound DMs yet. We've only gone through cold DMs, which we've gone through. Now, I'm just going to recap the seven layers of a cold DM. So, you can actually put it together. The AI tools blow again. It writes it for you. 100% reply rates has been awesome. Uh, and then we're going to move into intentbased DMs, which are the next level of DMs. Remember, the purpose of cold DMs are just open the gate one to

[05:13:21] signal that you're real. The purpose of the intentbased DMs is to open gate two. And the purpose of inbound DMs are to open gate 3. So just so you remember the sequence of how to write the perfect cold DM. It's seven parts. Now layer one again is just getting the gate open. This is really key and you can get access to this book right below. Now move one is tribal recognition. It's to say things that they know that you're from the tribe. So if I'm a physio and a crossfitter, if I say Pitwater Road, someone will immediately know what that is because only people in Sydney on the beaches think about Pitwater Road. If I say to someone, if someone from Belgium tells me a road, I'm not going to know

[05:14:03] what that road is. Why would I know? But someone in Belgium would so they know you're from the tribe. Really key. The second part is the honest naming. Calling out the awkwardness. You know, we've never met. I know this is kind of weird. Totally a cold DM. Just call it out. It gives them permission to actually read and say what's next. Move three is specificity in their words. Just like adding some type of a detail or something that shown that you've really thought about this. And so the one with Alli's thread was like, "Hey, I was following your thread in boardroom." That's it. Some specificity. Now layer two, earn the reply. This is so the first part of layer one was just all about getting the person to read and

[05:14:43] acknowledge it. Layer two was obviously getting them to reply. Now, what you want to do here is you need insider world proof to show that you live inside the world. So, if you're the physio for CrossFitters, if you just said, "Man, I did the water on Wednesday and totally uh messed up my hands on the bar muscleups," they're going to know you from inside the world. And so, it's a really key thing. What's like has a cost of being in the world. The fifth part is the unclogy toilet. This is where you need to find something that's of value to the person and then be able to offer to do that thing for them that they didn't even realize. Like out of the heavens, you just come out of nowhere with something in order to help them. So

[05:15:22] unclog your toilet, think about that, and you can remember that forever. Move six is the gift. This is where you give them something or you offer them something that's unexpected, useful, and optional. So it's unexpected. they they didn't expect it. It's useful, which is which is great. They can use it and it's optional. You can say no if you want. You don't have to get back to me. And this is really key in order to get the reply. And the last part is layer three, remove friction. This is just the permission close. If not, totally sweet or would you be keen or just let me know. It's like no pressure on their path or you know, if they're really busy right now, you can say, "Hey, I also know you're

[05:16:00] really busy right now. I don't expect to hear back from you for a couple of weeks, but I'm just putting this on your radar to know we can cover it in June. Super easy. And they'll read it and they'll be like, "Thank you. This is amazing. I will get back to you," which is really important. So, that's the seven parts of the perfect cold DM. Again, it's in the AI tool below. Uh, next up, we're going to be covering right now the intentbased DMs. So, let's go through that now. So let's go through the second type of DM which is the intentbased DM. The intentbased DM is one where someone has shown a signal that they may be interested and remember this is the one we're trying to open up gate two. So they already think you're a real person.

[05:16:44] Uh they're just thinking is this for me? So, examples of intent or signals that they've shown you is if they like or comment on your post. If someone likes or comment on your post and if you're speaking about something that you know they might care about, they're engaging on that. And so, if you help recruiters book calls on LinkedIn, I know I thought about that, but that one. And if a recruiter engages on your content, if you're talking about how you helped another recruiter, that's showing a signal that they might be interested in your stuff. Really simple, but for some reason, people don't reach out to these people, which is really strange. Axelosi calls them engaged leads. Same thing. Then we've got people who view

[05:17:32] your profile on LinkedIn. And view profiles are sometimes better than people who engage on your content. And a lot of people, you know, I've spoken to, they're like, they sell to people who, you know, maybe they're in a job and they're selling them to leave the job. And, you know, obviously they're not going to engage on a post to be like, "Comment this if you want to quit your job and get a new job." Obviously, that's not going to happen. Uh, you know, if you sell to larger CEOs, a lot of the time they're not going to engage on your content because if they engage, they're employees are going to see them engaging. And so, some of these times these people want to be anonymous, but they'll view your profile

[05:18:06] after. And LinkedIn has this ability. The other type is if they connect with you or if they follow you. On LinkedIn, there's a difference between connecting and following. Someone can just tap the follow button or they can tap the connect button. Connect means they can kind of have a conversation with you. Followers, they just kind of see your content. And so this is really good because if someone connects with you, they obviously are interested in connecting with you. And the great thing about LinkedIn is that if you try to connect with someone and they hit accept, they've given you permission to talk to them. And permission based marketing, I won't get into that, but it's literally the key to

[05:18:42] marketing. The next type of intentbased, if someone engages on similar content to yours. So, if you have a competitor who puts out a lead magnet and that lead magnet gets 1,500 comments, well, you can probably reach out to all those people because it's probably going to be pretty hard for them to reach out to 1500 people. And I've got like dozens of people who scrape all my lead magnet comments and reach out to them. Happens all the time. They always tell me, they're like, "Who are these emailing me? I just commented for your thing." It's really funny. But if you do it tactfully and you're using my DM template, it be what would be ironic is if my competitor used my MD DM template, don't reach out to people. I'm sure

[05:19:27] they've done it, but whatever. Uh, but these are signals of intent. And I'm going to pull out the laptop and like and show you how this works and how you can see it. And then I'm going to show you with LinkedIn how I use this to actually connect with people. But yeah, signals of intent are just like really easy ways to reach out and start a conversation with someone. And people ask me all the time, Matt, how do I start a conversation with one of these people? Well, what you do is you just ask them the question about the thing that they did. So, if you put a post out, you know, if I put a post out about, you know, how to rebuild your LinkedIn profile and they engage on it, I'll say, "Hey, Sean, saw you engaged on

[05:20:08] my how to how to build your LinkedIn profile post. Have you tried to build a LinkedIn profile a few times? I've also got a LinkedIn profile building kit. Would you like me to send it through to you?" That's it. It's it's literally just just talk about the thing that they engaged on. And so if you put a post out and they viewed your profile for the post, obviously they're interested in the post, the same for connecting your following. And the person who engages in similar content, talk to them about the thing because they're obviously interested in it because why would they have engaged in it? People don't just scroll through social media and just like the and view people's profile and do all this It doesn't happen.

[05:20:43] They're like, "Oh, that's interesting. I'm going to like it." And of course, they're on a platform called a networking platform. Of course, they want to talk about the thing on the platform that they're interested in. People forget that it's like LinkedIn, the networking platform where you go to talk to people. It's like people want to go there cuz they actually want to have a good quality conversation with other human beings, but for some people reason, people forget that, which is really hilarious to me. And so, this is intentbased. And I have booked like thousands of calls genuinely through intentbased. And these are some of the easiest ones to do. And I'm going to like show you a few different types of

[05:21:21] intentbased leads. And I'm going to show you in Link Ninja how I can write messages to people to intentbased leads to talk to them, which would be pretty cool. So, let's get out the laptop. All right, that's a bit of a dodgy way to pick up the laptop, but how you going? It's uh it's Sunday night. YOLO. We are we take risks. So, this is my LinkedIn profile right now. Um Steve, my business partner, I promise you the banner is going to be more nicely designed now. He's he was pretty shocked. He's like, "Please don't vibe code these bad boys." But I just had to do it for our $99 challenge that we're doing. But by now the LinkedIn Jab banner will be up there all parch all clean and crisp. So sorry

[05:21:56] about this one, Steve. Um he was really upset about it, but I'm sorry. But uh so I'm just going to walk you through like how do you see these people doing these things really simply. So within LinkedIn, and if you've never used LinkedIn before, but even if you've used LinkedIn, I know you're not messaging the people that connect with you and view your profile. I know you're not cuz well you wouldn't be watching this video otherwise because it's actually that simple. But so if I go to this my network up here, I can see the people that have tried to connect with me. Great. And so I can click this show all button and yes, there's 7,000 people that have tried to connect with me and haven't accepted them. Honestly, I don't

[05:22:33] know what to do about it. I'm just going to have to go through and find the ideal clients. But like I could go down here and go to Georgie and I could be like, "Okay, cool." And so I can click on their profile and I can open up and I can decide, hey, do I want to connect with you? Uh, so Forbes 30 under 30 Europe actually might connect with them. Wow, 276,000 followers. Didn't see that. Might might say hi later on. You might be someone of interest. But I could say I could accept the message and I could reach out and I'm assuming that they connected with me. So it was about 4 hours ago and so they probably connected with me uh based off the previous post that I put out. So, I'll probably ask them a question about that post. So, all

[05:23:12] that I'll do is I'll go back. I'll scroll back up and click on my profile and I'll go back to the post where they probably saw when they engaged with me. And you might be thinking, uh, what happens if they didn't see that post and they saw another one? Who cares? We're trying to start a chat. That's the entire point of a networking platform. You might go up to someone and be like, "Hey, that's a really nice outfit." And they might be like, I hate it, but let's have a chat at a networking event. It doesn't matter. It's just starting a conversation. That's all you're doing. And so if I go this post, okay, hey, so the post was us about us doing the YouTube video. So I said, I broke up with Claude Code this weekend,

[05:23:50] went analog, $2,100 Airbnb, two days of filming. And so he's obviously seen that and he's sent me a connection request. And so I'll hit accept for the connection request. And then I'll be able to message him. Cool. And I hit the message button. and I say, "Hey, Georgie." Hope that's how I pronounce his name. Georgie, cheers for connecting. I stopped typing on my computer. I use a thing called Whisper Flow now. So, I've actually forgotten how to type. Cheers for connecting. Uh, see the post about the YouTube vid. Actually, legit filming it right now. You are actually in the video. No joke, Paul. Cool. So, wrote it up. That's it. That's how I start a conversation. I'm I'm starting a dialogue. Never met this guy

[05:24:37] in my life, but connected with me. Um, so that's it. That's how I do it. And so that's people that have connected with you. So it's super simple. If you go to my network, you can see your connections. Uh, if you also click back on your profile at the top here, and you click on followers, how many followers you've got, and then you'll see the people that have followed you, cuz sometimes people uh don't connect with you, but they follow you instead. So you might see if there's like someone notable who you want to reach out to. So I can see uh you know Nikos is a digital risk insurance architect, co-founder of DPO Academy. That sounds like someone who I might reach out to might be a small business owner. So I might be able

[05:25:13] to connect. Um there's a few other people down here. I won't get into it. So following is really key. The other one is viewing of your profile. So if I scroll down here a little bit, it says, you know, analytics, 26,899 people viewed my profile. So when I click that, it opens up and it shows the people who viewed my profile recently. And so sometimes people view your profile, but they don't connect with you. Or maybe they're already connected with you and then they view your profile. So I can see that Daria, who's a digital strategy advice for CEOs, um, probably looks like my target market, looked at my profile. So I could click on Daria's profile and then I could reach out to Daria and have a

[05:25:52] conversation. I'm just not going to open the chat because I don't know who've had a previous conversation and I don't want to share it in front of everyone. Um, cool. And that's just your profile. The other one is engaging on your content. And so if I click on notifications and I can look at my content or I could go back through my profile itself and eventually when this loads Airbnb at the internet here is not the best. I could go to this post which I put out and the post was uh I just use claude code to solve uh solve LinkedIn comment niche for the LinkedIn bible and I'll share it in 24 hours and then Nelson just uh said commented niche so obviously put their hand up and said I might be interested

[05:26:28] in it and so I could go to Nelson's profile and I could connect and I could share them the resource go hey Nelson thanks for commenting for the resource here it is I'll send it right over to you easy and so all these are they're just engagement different signals and super easy. Now, if I wanted to engage on other pe if I wanted to find other people engaging on my competitor's content, um this is how I do it. So, you know, if I look at Harold Rain, this AI system generated 65,000 leads and 15 million impressions and I'm sharing it all. Sounds like something I'd say that potentially doesn't sound real, although I don't not sound say real things, but sounds a bit weird. But if I go here, I can look at people who liked it and who

[05:27:10] commented on it. So if I really wanted to engage, I could reach out to people here and be like, "Hey, saw you coming to this post." I also just wrote this book on cold DMing. Would you like me to send that through? Also, it might be of interest to you. So that's literally it. Super simple. That's how you put it together. And that's how you reach out to people. And that's how you reach out to Intent Signals. Now, you're probably wondering though, like, how the hell do I keep track of all these messages? Because the LinkedIn DM inbox is garbage. And it is. It was built on Windows 95, as you can see. Um, we'll show you how to track everything in our DM tool, Link Ninja. This is our LinkedIn SAS called Link Ninja. Pretty

[05:27:45] awesome, right? So, the way we've got it set up is you've got, you know, opening conversations, chatting, qualified, discovery, closing, and one. And what's really cool about the Link Ninja platform is I don't even have to really write anything if I don't want. I can actually just use AI and I can prompt it through AI through the MCP and I can ask it to write the messages for me. And I'll show you how to do that. Now, I'm just going to walk you through now how I can do this with the LinkedIn DM chat tool we built called Link Ninja. Um, and what I'm going to teach you follows like all the principles of DMs. You can still do this manually, like totally fine. It still works, especially if you grab all

[05:28:28] my resources below with the AI tool. Literally, you can just you just got to paste it in. But like we've just found after working with 2100 clients, we were sick of them telling us it's taken them hours and hours and hours to send DMs. And so we thought we'd just connect this up to make it so much easier because anyone that's used LinkedIn DMs before, they know it's a massive pain to actually track everything. So the way we've constructed this setup is really easy. So if you remember before the six gates of trust, right? Let me move this over here. So if you remember before the six gates of trust where we talked about, you know, gate one is is this real? Gate two is this for me? gate three snowflake then we've got risk now

[05:29:05] and then you well what we've done with link ninja over here is we've replicated the gates based off the six gates of trust and so which is pretty cool so we've mirrored these up so here what you can see is there's a conversation where you're opening a conversation with someone where they haven't really responded then there's conversations of people you're chatting to literally that's it then there's people who you're qualifying then there's discovery which is risk closing which is now and then one which is you. So literally these match up one for one within the platform to make it like super duper easy. So the great thing with Link Ninja is that you can plug in your LinkedIn DMs into whatever AI tool you use. So if you use

[05:29:53] claude chatbt I think Manis I don't know whatever the other ones are Gemini or by the time this is out there might be some other brand new ones whatever it is you can literally plug it into it. So it makes it really easy because all those AI tools that you've seen below it literally it adds it all inside the DMs and so it prewrites them. And again you can do all this manually totally sweet and I've been doing it manually before this tool for years and we booked 5,000 calls. It's just a faster and easier way for you to be able to do it. So, all I need to do here is I just need to bring up Claude code. And I've got Claude code in my terminal. Now, if you're scared and you don't know what Claude code is,

[05:30:33] you can just use this in chat GBT or you can use this in Claude. But I'm just going to be honest with you, to set this up, it takes literally 3 minutes. It's so stupid easy. It's like anyone can do it. Just ask AI. You don't have to get scared for it, but you can use regular chat GBT. Now, all I do now if I'm going to send DMs, and again, we don't automate a single thing though with LinkedIn DMs cuz LinkedIn doesn't allow automations at all. All it does is it drafts the replies, but you have to send these things manually to everyone. So, the entire tool we have isn't any automation cuz we don't want to break any terms of service, but it does all the other things that don't actually do that. Now, all I need to do is I could

[05:31:11] type in to my computer, but I use a tool called Whisper Flow, which allows me to speak and it just dumps everything into my computer. And what's really cool about Whisper Flow, and I highly suggest you get it, is I speak at about 200 words per minute when I'm speaking on Whisper Flow. I probably type maybe at 40 words per minute, something like that. So, it allows me to say things five times as fast, which is pretty insane when you think about it. So all I need to do is into the tool is I'll pull up link ninja over here is I just need to speak into it and say hey Claude code can you please pull up the link ninja mcp and I want you to go through and read my 100 most recent messages and I want you to find all of the people that

[05:31:58] requested the lead magnets. Some of them maybe said challenge, some said niche. I can't remember exactly what they said. They're usually just one word in the message. And I want you to then add a reply back and then say something like, "Hey, Legend. Um, so sorry for the delay. I'll shoot you back. I'll shoot the resource right now." Or, "By the way, tomorrow we're doing a starting a 5day challenge for LinkedIn. Also, just in case you wanted to you wanted to find out some details about it. Would you like me to share through to you? It's 99 bucks. No biggie if you're not interested." Cool. And so, can you write that to those people and can you put all of the leads there in the discovery session and so that they can

[05:32:32] automatically get sent to them? Pretty cool. And then I just hit the button again. And then it just takes exactly what I said, puts in the DMs, and then it starts drafting the replies. Pretty freaking crazy if you ask me. Pretty insane. So, while that's running, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to walk you through the third type of DM, which is the inbound lead, and how that actually works. So, we'll let this run uh and then we'll have the inbound lead happening at the same time. And so as we're waiting for the AI to generate this and once it does generate it, I'm going to walk you through like step by step like the exact psychology, what's in the DM, what's in the templates, what's in the messages, so you can

[05:33:13] actually replicate these things themselves, even if you just want to still write them manually. Uh, but the next part now, I'm going to walk you through the warm DMs. So the inbound DMs, these are people that come to you. And what's really important here, because I've seen a lot of people mess these things up, if you do mess up an inbound DM, sometimes you can lose it forever. So, I want to make sure that literally doesn't happen to you. So, let's pull out the old whiteboard and go back through it. There's only one thing that truly matters when it comes to inbound DMs. And this is the thing that you have to think about in your mind all the time, and that is speed to lead. This is a very classic sales,

[05:33:51] marketing, and lead genen phrase because it is very important. And I've got to put a imaginary box around it because it's very important. The reason this matters is because we is 24 hours in a day. 16 hours you're awake. In the time or the process of the day, you have different emotions during the day and you care about things more deeply. So when you're really hungry, you really care about food and you want to eat, but after you eat, you're not hungry anymore. You don't care. Inbound DMs are the same as when someone's hungry. When they're coming to you with an inbound, they're really keen to talk to you. Their emotions are high. And at that time, that's when you want to capitalize because the purpose of this DM is to get

[05:34:39] them through gate three. And gate three is again the snowflake gate. I was going to attempt to draw a snowflake, but there's no way I was going to be able to do that. So, this is the snowflake gate. And with this gate, you can actually a lot of the time take someone from a gate three all the way past to gate five and they buy from you like in one shot in one go. So the biggest key with inbound DMs is to make sure it's speed to lead. Now a way you can get speed to lead is you can constantly monitor your LinkedIn inbox. It's a really key one. You can constantly open it up, see what's going on. You can also set up potential web hooks and stuff like that. we've built into link ninja so you could potentially

[05:35:18] set up a chron job which just your it essentially keeps uh updating and just really reading through and just double-checking. We've also set up links where it WhatsApps you uh it sends you Slack messages and even like text messages where you can be like hey red hot leads come in. So like literally AI can read your inbox and when a red hot lead comes in you could even set up to literally call your phone and be like yo red hot leads come in get back to it. So you can actually get back to it. So speed to lead is something that's really key with the inbound DMs because as we know people's emotions go up and then they die down. So that's something that's really really curious. And the way you treat these leads is very

[05:35:57] different because when you go for leads that are cold or leads that are intent based or they're shown a signal. Those ones you take your time. You're taking your time. You're going through. You're buttering them up. Blah blah blah blah. And then when they show the sign of pain, that's when you reach out, which is really, really key. Inbound DMs, they've shown the pain. They know the issue, they want the issue solved, and they want to move on fast. So, you want to get it to them fast. It's the first person to actually get to them, which matters. But you got to make sure you do it quick because if the emotion dies down, sometimes you can lose them forever. The best way to think about the inbound DMs and people filling in the

[05:36:35] motion is we really need to use a prop for this. So imagine someone's emotions are this this balloon. I'm going to attempt to blow it up and I haven't blown up a balloon in literal years. So feeling a little bit of emotion. I'm useless at this. A little bit of emotion here. Little bit of emotion here. A lot of emotion, right? A lot of tense. You know, this is the emotion in their day. They got a lot of buildup. You know, this is like the fifth day in a row they haven't got clients. That referral didn't come through. But still, it's going to get worse. They're seeing your content again right here. Tons of emotion, tons of issues. And this is like at the point where they're like, "Man, I'm in so much

[05:37:29] pain. What am I going to do now?" There's a couple options. Either they're going to break it by going out and drinking and getting over it, or they're going to break it by talking to you. This is embarrassing. Hold on. Let's see if this works. Beautiful. Haven't done that in a long time. and they're going to talk to you and they need the emotions to let them explode when they get to you because they're going to do it with drinking, overeating, they might talk to another lead genen expert, whatever it is, but you need to be there to catch them when that explosion actually happens. And when you do, that's when a whole bunch of trust is formed because when people vent their feelings to you in the DMs

[05:38:15] and they're saying, "Man, I've had all these problems. I don't know what's going on. What's happening?" He's saying, "Man, this is sucks. I've seen this before. What does it mean to you if this doesn't happen? And they're like, man, I could like, you know, I don't know how I'm going to pay rent in the next few months. Oh, that's a pretty bad one. Let's just say, you know, I don't know what I'm going to have to do. I might have to go back and get a job. This is generally conversations I've had with people, by the way, which is pretty stressful. When this happens, they build a little bit of trust with you. And at this point, this is not where you capitalize on someone's vulnerable state. This is where you ask them

[05:38:43] questions to understand if they're the right fit for you and if they may be a good fit. And if they are, you can say, "Hey, look, by the way, I might be able to help you. Here's my offer." or would you like to get on a sales call? Let's have a chat, you know, later on today or tomorrow to see how you're going. And then that way by the time they chat to you, they've calmed down. They're in a good state of mind. And then that's when you can go and have a closing conversation with them or you can potentially close them within the chat. And so, you know, marketing to the pain and the emotions at the time is really crucial. Otherwise, they'll go release the pain somewhere else and you don't know when the thing will come back up

[05:39:14] again and you don't know when you'll get the opportunity. Because, you know, if you're super hungry and you haven't eaten for a day or so, uh, you know, I think about the people from Survivor, right? You know, they haven't eaten food for 13 days on the TV show Survivor. You know, all they want to do is food, but then they go to one of the they win the immunity challenge and the reward. They go have a massive steak and fries and stuff and they're like, I'm so full. Do you want any more food? I don't want any more food. You got to catch the person at the time when they're actually super hungry. We've gone through inbound DMs. I'm just going to go through a quick short recap on the three different types

[05:39:46] and what we covered and then I'll walk you through the templates that got created in Link Ninja so you can see how the tool actually works. So just to recap the three types of DMs that can be sent. We've got the cold DMs. Remember the purpose of the cold DM is just to open up gate one to just to show that you are real. We've obviously got the seven-part framework which you can use. Uh you don't even have to really know how it works. So you can just use the AR tools blows and it has the principles but people are one shot booking calls with this which is really important. The second type of DM is the intentbased and the call is to open up gate 2. So they think that you're real but they want to know if this is for me. This is if they

[05:40:24] like your post, view your profile, send you a connection request. Really, really simple. The last type of DM which we're covering is inbound. So this is if they're red hot and ready to buy. this is the one we need to pop the balloon with you being there so they can kind of like emotionally vent to you and go through it. Now, these are the three types of DMs. We've gone through them. We got the templates below. There's one last thing that I really need to cover because when it comes to selling in the DMs and sell by chat, this is like the most important thing which nobody ever talks about. And for this one, I need to pull up the trusty iPad. So, we're now back with the six gates of trust, if you remember. And the goal

[05:41:06] here again is to build trust with a stranger so that they eventually turn into an identity ally. Super important. Now, when I used AI to analyze and review every DM that I've ever sent, every book call, and absolutely everything, how long do you think it would take to book a call with someone? When you sit there and think about it, I think one day, two days, 3 days. So, when I did the math, it took me on average 26 DMs. So, this is I've sent 13, they've sent 13. and one to four months of conversations genuinely. And that's because trust takes time to build. People are not just automatically want to going want to buy from you. Some people are, but there's only a small like 3% of the market that's ready to buy right now. A lot of

[05:42:06] people just aren't ready or they're too busy or they just they just haven't gotten to know you enough yet. Some people have a rule where they're like, I have to know someone for a month before I make a big decision. and that's totally fine. But just remember the whole goal of your DMs, all that you're trying to do is you're trying to build trust with people to take as many people from you as you can from a stranger to an identity ally. And you know what's crazy is that you can be you can have identity allies of people that have never made you money. I remember when someone messaged me and no joke said, "Matt, I just want to let you know I've used your free content and literally pulled me and my family out of poverty.

[05:42:43] I've never paid you any money. I've made $15,000 and I just want to let you know that that person was an identity ally for me. But identity allies don't actually need to pay you money for it to be working. Think about how many people have paid money. How many identity allies does he actually have? And that's the point of the DMs is to be a good person, build a whole bunch of trust with people so that they just tell other people about you. I remember a client that I closed that was 15,000 USD. The reason they closed and this was via a WhatsApp chat. They sent me 15 grand USD in a WhatsApp chat. The reason they did it is because they asked a really close friend of theirs and they said, "Hey, I need help on LinkedIn who's the best

[05:43:27] person." And this person said, "This Mac guy, you got to go, you got to buy from him." And the guy's like, "Have you paid him?" He's like, "No, I haven't paid him, but I've just used his free stuff and closed deals. He's amazing." And that's how you get it. So abundance mentality is like the key to everything. And me right now, I am giving you every single secret I possibly have on LinkedIn. This is everything. I'm I'm not holding anything back. I'm sharing everything. And just I know because the right people that consume this, they will actually get results. And the wrong people, they're not going to like try and steal my IP and run away with it. Like they're not even going to do anything. They're just going to click

[05:44:00] off the video and go back to their life and eat some takeaway food and not do anything, right? That's just just life. But the people that do do it, the people that do take the IP and that do use it and they do get results. Even if they don't pay me, they're going to think about me. They're going to remember me. And then when it comes up about LinkedIn, they're going to be like, "Oh, dude, you should follow this M guy. Like, I got sick results. Oh, amazing. I'll go do that." Because the goal is within your niche or category, you want to become a nano celebrity to the tribes that you market to. So, if you're the physio for CrossFit Dads on the Northern Beaches in Sydney and you give away a few different shoulder things and they

[05:44:37] go tell everyone about it, it's all a positive. Everything is a positive. When you give, give, give, give, give, there is no negative. Like literally, the Bible says it like all religions say just give. And it's just like the basic principles of philosophy. It just feels really weird to give because you're like, I'm not getting anything in return. But you don't want to think about that. You just want to think, I'm just going to keep giving and things just happen. Luck just falls out of the sky. That 15 grand client that I closed. The luck just fell out of the sky. I didn't even plan it. And what happens is like you remember in Harry Potter, you know when he takes liquid luck, you remember when he drinks that thing, it's

[05:45:14] like literally feels like when I give, give, give, the more I give from this even this video when I do put it out, it's like I'm just drinking liquid luck all the time. is walking around and it's like, "Oh, I get on a podcast here, new client here, this want to pay me 30 grand. You want to do this thing with me here?" It just happens. It It just happens all around you. So, the key of the DMs and the conversations is not to make people feel uncomfortable. It's not to follow them up like a crazy person. It's not to be like, "Oh, do I DM them tomorrow, the next day?" Are you giving to them? And if you're giving, you can DM them as many times as you want. You can DM them all the time. They're never

[05:45:48] going to stop if you keep giving away free stuff. But you have to remember this when you're actually doing it because if you don't do this and you're always trying to take from the DMs, you're not going to get back to you. It's like the karma of the world. It's the karma of the LinkedIn DMs. That's literally just how it works. Don't be the shitty VM VA template message. All right, so hopefully by now the uh Link Ninja has finished our thing. A few days ago, I posted a post. Uh let me pull it up now and I'll show you. Uh, it was I shared the LinkedIn niche bible and let me just pull it up down here. Here it is, the LinkedIn niche bible and a whole bunch of people commented for the lead magnet and a few people DM'd me saying

[05:46:27] niche because they want LinkedIn niche bible. So I just got the AI to write it back and reply to them. And so what it did is if I go to my chat pipeline and I just click on the filters and I click tags like I just did there and I go niche bible because it tagged it. It just went through and it tagged everybody that sent me a message wanting the resource. Perfect. Then all I have to do is I click here and I can literally just scroll up and down with a click of a button. Super easy. And Kim just messages saying niche me. And so it wrote the message back. Hey Kim, legend exclamation mark. Cheers for dropping niche me on the post. Love the enthusiasm. Haha. Sorry for the delay mate. Here's a copy of the LinkedIn

[05:47:10] niche bible for you. And there's the link to the copy. Now, what I would do now is I'd hit the enter button. So, it looks like I'm sending multiple messages. Then it says, "Have a proper read through and let me know what lands. Curious what what your offer looks like at the moment." And then it says, "On by the way, we're kicking off a 5day LinkedIn challenge tomorrow. I know it's pretty late noticed, but want to shoot me want me to shoot through the dates. Live calls every day. Might be of interest." Send How good does that DM sound? Let's go to Matthew who's up next. Hey Matthew Legend, cheers for dropping niche on the post. Sorry for the delay, niche bible. Have a proper read through. Curious what you're working on right

[05:47:50] now. By the way, we're kicking off the 5day LinkedIn challenge tomorrow. Enter. Justin, enter. Leo, enter. David, enter. Done. hyperpersonalized custom messages, leaving them in out literally using the cold DM framework that I've actually sent to people just automatically within LinkedIn. And it's pretty crazy because I can get it to look through my entire LinkedIn inbox and it can write anything. But exactly like we said there, it's using the principles where it's using my tone of voice. It's referencing what they did. It's giving them the resource like they asked for. It said, "Oh, by the way, we're launching a 5day challenge starting tomorrow. I know it's pretty late notice. Want me to shoot through the

[05:48:33] deets? uh live calls every single day might be of interest. Soft close and permission. They can say, "Hey, no thanks. It's all good." And like, "Sweet. No biggie. Easy. Chat to you later." And that's literally how you have the DMs. That's the end of the fourth segment, which is the DMs. Um I've got a whole bunch of other LinkedIn DM resources, uh which I'll put below, too, with all the AI tools. Honestly, I could do a 10-hour video on this literally straight. Like, I've spent hundreds of hours in the LinkedIn DMs. I booked over 5,000 calls. like I know exactly how it works, but we'll leave it here for today. Now, up next, we're going to cover the fifth part, which is just how to put the system together, how

[05:49:10] to run this consistently so you don't get overwhelmed using different tools and all these different things. But even if you just want to do it manually and write everything, you can go analog and no AI. I'm going to show you how to do it next, but just so you don't get overwhelmed when you're actually putting all this together so you or your team can actually run it so you can book consistent calls on the platform. And this is just going to be taken from what I teach clients, you know, the 10101 rule of what actually works. And it's nothing too complicated. And you can spend 30 minutes to an hour a day actually doing this and implementing it. And you don't even need any crazy funnels or landing pages or

[05:49:41] websites. It's just DMs and content. These DMs that I'm sending are like 100% customuilt off my tone of voice studied off the 100,000 I think it's like 250,000 DMs that I've actually sent. So this is my tone of voice exactly how I do things studied from things that actually work and actual real data. So we actually look at the data and this isn't just subjective and this is the way that it actually works. And this is what I'm really proud of and Steve my business partner for for building the software and for us launching it and putting it out there because this is like the whole entire thing the way it's built is we built it based off what's we've been studying working with people for like literally 3 years. It's like

[05:50:21] 2100 2100 people we've worked with or 2200 I can't remember the exact numbers it's very hard to count but the whole section around you know opening so we got opening uh chatting qualified discovery closing one and all the tags and all the filters in here which I won't go through now because this isn't a product demo I'm just showing you how to actually apply the principles like all of it is built off things that we have actually done and the entire point of this tool is so that you can book calls and close deals and make money on LinkedIn. Like that's like the entire point of the tool. That's why the AI is built and that's why everything's built. And it's got all of the things that I'm teaching around these AI tools, the DM

[05:51:00] templates, like and absolutely everything. It's built into the tool itself to make it really really easy to use. So all the principles I'm teaching, these are principles last a lifetime. Uh but this is just a tool that's used that's built to make it super fast and super efficient for you to use LinkedIn. So, we've gone through the four parts of have a crush on LinkedIn and get clients. We went through how to find your tribe of the people you can best sell to. We went through how to build your personal brand or build carrier trust so people trust you to carry the promise. Part three went through how to write inbound lead generating content. Uh, and part four, we went through the different types of DMs and how to DM

[05:51:36] people either cold or warm to get them on a call to turn them into clients. Now, part five, we're just going to be covering how to put this all together. like how do you actually run this system in a consistent way, you know, throughout an entire year and not get overwhelmed because this is the most important part cuz I, you know, I've watched a lot of different, you know, videos similar to this and you watch it all and you get so overwhelmed, you're like, there's so much stuff. What do I do? So, I'm going to give you some really simple actionable steps to think through this. And the inspiration for this came through James Clear's Atomic Habits. So, if you haven't read the book, um, really amazing book. But one

[05:52:09] thing that stands out to me is what's called is keystone habits. And a keystone habit is a habit where if you do this one habit, it makes all of the other habits downstream work. And so for me, for example, within my life, a keystone habit I have is when I wake up in the morning, I immediately drink a half a glass or half a liter of water and I go for a walk or a run with my one run with my dog. So run by myself, walk with my dog. when I do this, this makes me do a whole bunch of other things in my day that are good towards my day. So, when I was thinking through this a couple of years back, I was like, what is the keystone habit that people can do with LinkedIn? And I've kind of come up with the formula and I'll give you kind

[05:52:47] of the road map for the entire year. So, I like to call this the top secret LinkedIn formula. This is the thing that it's not even really that secret. It's just that no one does it and it's the only thing you actually need to do to get clients on LinkedIn. And so I'm going to walk you through it now and how to do it. It's really really simple. So the top secret LinkedIn formula and this is the formula that I get all of my clients to do and I get them to actually we've got an app Link Ninja. There's a logging mechanism where they report their activity manually inside it because I I've never seen someone lose if they do this consistency consistently for a long enough period of time. Now the first thing is is they do one post

[05:53:28] every day. Now, I usually suggest Monday to Friday because I think most entrepreneurs don't take enough time off and that's a big reason why we talk through in the personal brand chapter around selfrust. But one post every weekday. Reason why this is good is because it forces you to get better at putting yourself out there. And when you have to put content out there every single day, you know, when you look at your last 20 posts, you're like, "Oh, they're a bit [clears throat] they're a bit average. I'm going to really try and, you know, I'm going to use the coloring book method and I'm going to come up with a better post cuz I saw my other buddy who was doing it and I want to come up with a better one. So, it's a

[05:54:02] it's a forcing function for you to get better. The other thing you want to do every day is 10 comments on LinkedIn. Now, the reason why comments are important is because the skill of writing online is just that it's a skill. But it's not just the skill of writing online. It's the skill of being open to sharing your opinion without being scared of what other people say. And you know, if you only get to do one post every weekday, you don't get as much feedback. But if you do 10 comments every day on someone else's post and you get to react to it, you get feedback because on LinkedIn, when you do a comment, it shows the amount of views and impressions you get. And also, when you leave comments, like I had a client

[05:54:48] who she specialized in leaving comments to get clients, it's actually a really good way to get clients. you don't even really need to post technically. Uh but comments is a really great way because then you get 11 attempts at writing online every single day. And the great thing about comments is like you you a lot of the time you want to just come from your own inspiration and your own brain. And for me, a lot of my content ideas actually do come from comments. So commenting every day is also really important. It also helps the LinkedIn algorithm and the platform because the LinkedIn algorithm, it's a networking platform. And so if you use it like networking and you post and you engage with other people, you have

[05:55:22] conversations and you also send DMs, it's really important. And so that's 10 comments every day. And then the last one is just sending 10 DMs every day. This is the magic formula. And I'm going to give you the reason why in a second, but 10 DMs every day. Now, you might be thinking, Matt, do I send new DMs? Do I send follow-ups? Do I send these ones? Doesn't matter. you send 10 follow-ups a day, that's fine. If you do 10 connection requests and DMs every day, that's fine. Uh, and also for you guys who are wondering, oh, when I send a connection request, do I put a note in it or not? My suggestion is just don't put a note. Just hit the connect button. If they accept, then engage in a conversation. A lot of people get, you

[05:56:02] know, over the years, I've tossed and turned about this one, but I'm just like, just connect with them. If they accept, send them a message. But 10 DMs every day is really important. You know, it's it is better if you can start 10 new conversations every day. Because let's be real, if you start 10 new conversations every day, you do that further 250 working days a year, that's 2,500 conversations you started every day. Pretty insane. And you can send about, you know, 150 to 200 requests to connect with people on LinkedIn every week. Like, you can't talk to that many people. And the clients that I've worked with that actually do this, like have actually done it, they get to the point usually sometimes at month one or month

[05:56:40] three and they're like, "Matt, I actually literally cannot keep up with the amount of conversations I'm having with people. Like, I cannot do it." Because when we're looking at this, this is the keystone habit of what's required to make everything else downstream. Because previously in this, you know, we talked about, you know, posting content, the hook movie form, hook movie trailer formula, you know, the coloring book method and getting better at content. Well, you need to write content, which forces you to do it. You know, you need to get better at sharing your pointed opinions online. And a really easy way to do this is through commenting and DMs. Well, you got to get comfortable talking to people. And I'm going to go

[05:57:15] through like why this is so important because a lot of people don't talk about like you'll see this and you'll be like, "Yeah, Matt, that seems great. seems simple, but like why, which I'll talk to you in a second, but the DM section is is really key. And I would say if you're going to do any for most people, you know, just one, it's the DMs. Like my business partner, we ran a test, Steve. We ran a test where he has no profile photo on LinkedIn. He had no banner, no content ever, literally nothing. And we just tested and he did DMs for 3 months. He closed 100K. Just DMs. Literally nothing. You don't actually need content to make money. The purpose of content is so that you can have more conversations.

[05:57:59] That's the goal. The whole conversion mechanism is through a conversation. Cuz you know, you're not someone selling a $50 e-commerce product here. You're selling, you know, coaching. You're selling or you're a mortgage broker, a financial planner, a recruiter. You're selling something expensive to people. And in order for them to buy from you, they need a dialogue of a conversation with another human being. Maybe they don't need to get on a sales call with you. Maybe they'll buy in the chat, which is fine, but they need a dialogue of a conversation. And so, this is really the keystone habit, which is the top secret formula. Now, there's one point to add on this that we're going to do, which I'm going to walk through in a

[05:58:36] second, which is the last thing is it's one monthly offer campaign. One monthly campaign. So, the key thing with all of these interactions you do, posting, commenting, DMs, you're building awareness and you're building trust or what I like to call trust equity with people, which we're going to go in a second. Then the way you cash in on this each month is you run a monthly offer campaign. And I recently ran an offer campaign where I advertised a 5day LinkedIn challenge. Um, I advertised it all last week and in tminus an hour or 71 minutes, I've got 55 people starting on a Zoom call and I'm running a LinkedIn 5day challenge. So, I run this offer campaign all the time. And you can do different types of off

[05:59:24] campaigns. You can run it to like an audit of some sort. You could do it to a lunch, an in-person lunch. You can do it to a challenge if you're doing you could do it to a paid workshop or a free workshop. You can just do it to, you know, work with people. You can say, "Hey, I've got enough capacity. Work with a couple more people each month." And then this monthly offer campaign is literally your 12 months of your LinkedIn journey plugged in. So all you do is weekdays you're doing posting, commenting, and DMs. This is building up trust with people. And then these are all these are all additions. And then every month you run a campaign which is a new sexy different thing each month. And this is the, you know, the

[06:00:05] pulling away of the trust and that's the extraction. And so we're depositing trust all throughout the month and we're doing an extraction. And that's the thing I'm going to talk through next where the concept called trust equity and how trust is actually get gets built because the purpose of your content is not to get a insane amount of views. It's an it's get an insane amount of trust because with trust if someone has a lot of trust in you when you say hey do this thing you have more power to persuade them and then they will just agree with the thing and so you want to become the trusted nano celebrity to your niche or your group of people because then you have influence over people and the ways to build these trust

[06:00:44] is to you know give during your posts do comments you know send them gift DMs to them as well but then each month you run a monthly campaign AIGN. We like, "Hey, by the way, we've been chatting for a bit. Um, I'm getting together. I'm putting a lunch together of 12 recruiters in Sydney. It's going to be a private lunch and I'm bringing one of my clients who actually did XY Z. Uh, would you like to attend? It's a tot. It's going to be really nice." And then they're like, "Oh, well, we've been chatting for a couple of months. Yeah, I would actually like love to go to a lunch that's paid for. That's amazing. Love toties. I feel like on a Friday cocktail, that's going to be great." And so, you're doing these every single

[06:01:17] month. And that's how I run my business. That's how pretty much all successful businesses run. Like and just think like department stores, you know, they've got a Christmas campaign, an Easter campaign, all different campaigns. But for some reason, like coaching and services businesses like, you know, don't run campaigns. But this is the key to really getting people to make a decision without feeling really forced. And so we're going to go through this right now. We previously went through the six gates of trust. And we talked through why it's important how, you know, you need to get take someone from a stranger to someone who's an identity ally. And then there's like six gates that they need to actually walk through.

[06:01:53] First, they need to know that you're actually real. And then they walk through these different gates. Uh I'm going to walk you through now the concept of what I call trust equity. And this is why you know social media, how you get social media actually working because when you're like a nano celebrity to your tribes, the real goal is to build this trusted equity. Now on the left hand side, this is the trust jar. Um we were going to use a real jar but Sean behind the camera smashed it before. So, we got to use the trust jar over here. And trust equity. Trust equals times touches times type. And so, I'm going to walk through each of these really slowly because this is what how it works. So, first thing is trust gets built over

[06:02:34] time. Now, time is just awareness of them being there. And it's a really strange human thing, but it comes down to sealini's principles around, you know, consistency and predictability and stuff, which I won't go into, but you know, just when you know someone, you will trust them more over time. Like, you know, I I've got a buddy who I've been friends with for a long time and then he came up to my brother's Bucks party a couple of years ago and then he asked me to borrow some money. I gave it to him and then, you know, I thought, yeah, I trust him, whatever. And then, you know, I don't think I ever got back the money back or maybe I did. I can't really remember. Now, when I gave him the money, 500 bucks, I just gave it to

[06:03:09] him and I was like, "Whatever." But the reason I did is cuz I've just known them for a long time. So, I just built this affiliation and this trust. And so, time is something that, you know, you just can't replace. And you can't replace this with AI. And just being aware to being known to someone is a trust building mechanism because who are they going to trust? The person they've just been known and been aware of for 3 years or the person they just met? Obviously, the 3 years person. So time has a really big key play when it comes to trust. Now the second type of trust, the way that trust is built is through touches. And touches is just interactions. Like just literally interactions with somebody. As

[06:03:46] I went before, you know, my DMs when I reviewed them, it took me usually 1 to four months of a conversation on LinkedIn before they turned into a client or got on a sales call. And it took, you know, 26 interactions or touches. And so like that's actually people just get to know people over time. And I've had people or clients come to me after two years of consuming my stuff. Like some people just aren't ready in their life. Like what happens if you know the perfect client is there for you but they're going through a divorce. Obviously they're not going to work with you. Like it's and so you know but they might you want to be built up to be this nano celebrity in this person's eyes. So touches is really

[06:04:23] important and these are just interactions you've had with people. Now the last one is type. Type is just the type of interaction you have with someone. So the interaction that you know builds the smallest amount of trust is actually content. The smallest amount of trust gets built through content because if you see me for 90 seconds, you can see a bit of content. Now if you've watched this video, however many hours it is, that builds a lot of trust. but it's not as fast as the other mechanisms that actually exist. So content is a great way of building trust, but it builds trust the slowest. Now, the advantage though is it's one to many. You don't have to engage with a whole bunch of people. But if you want to build trust

[06:05:11] really, really, really fast to get clients, it's actually one of the worst ways to do it. It's the slowest. It's the greatest for projecting out there, and it's the greatest if you've got your tribe dialed on who you reach out to. But the content itself, the purpose is to start conversations and build trust, but it takes the slowest period of time because, you know, you need to see someone's content for a while. There's a few touches that actually occur and then this type which comes into play. So content is like, you know, the smallest way to build trust. The second way is through commenting or engaging in comments together. The reason this is better with content is because a dialogue is created. So,

[06:05:50] when you have a dialogue with someone and you're having a conversation, you know, back and forth in the comments section. So, let's say you see someone's post, you comment, someone else replies to your comment, and then you reply to their comment. You're literally having an open conversation that other people can see. And what's great about comments is if you have another conversation, other people can read the entire conversation. So, they can build trust in you at the same time. So, commenting is a really great strategy, especially if you've got a whole bunch of time. Now, don't replace commenting with DMing because DMing is a lot better and it builds trust quicker, but it's a great way to do it. So, commenting is next.

[06:06:24] The next way to build trust is obviously through the DMs. This is a faster way to build trust with people because you're giving them your kind of undivided attention of unless they think you're a robot. So, which is why, you know, use our DM AI skills below to make sure, you know, don't send AI 100% DMs. Just just be like, "Hey, how do I make sure I sound like a human being?" cuz people want to talk to human beings. But DMs, they build faster amount of trust. And this is why before I was like DMs is the only thing that you should do. The reason is cuz you can build trust way faster, super fast. Like I've worked with creators actually one of the I've worked with a lot of LinkedIn creators and I literally have

[06:07:04] this magic trick that I do with them. Usually I've got between 30 to 100,000 followers and they usually come to me and they're like, "Matt, I'm not really making more than 10 grand a month. Like what do I do?" Blah blah blah. even though they got a service. And I literally have this magic trick that I that I tell them to do where they just all of a sudden 5x their income. And this has happened so many times I can't even count. One guy, he went from 10k a month to 96k in a month. Sorry, not in a month, in 5 months from doing this. Literally. And all I say is I'm go, "Okay, cool. Well, everyone who engages in your content, just DM them. That's it." Like one guy literally in September 2024 got on a call with him. One call. I

[06:07:40] was like, "Dude, just send DMs to everyone who engages in your content." And because he's already built a lot of trust, equity with them. They were just like, "Oh, dude, I can't believe I'm speaking to you. This is great." He's like, "Oh, I've got this product or service." And the person's like, "Oh, I didn't even know. Let's work together." And I had one call with him. And then we were we had a week gap. So, one call here, one week call here. He called me like he messaged me. He sent me a voice note two days after. He's like, "Dude, I closed two two threek deals." I was like, just from talking to people. And so most creators, people who are creators are just, you know, scared to talk to people. If you just DM

[06:08:12] people, like you'll get clients. And you know, the reason why people don't DM people generally is because creating content feels good. You know, if you're a creator, you're expressing yourself. But when you send someone a DM, you're creating a piece of content for someone. It's just to one person. So just reframe and think like that. But like this is the thing that all creators need to do. Now, sales people on the other hand, great at DMs, outs at content, so they need to flip the actual thing. So, it depends who you actually are. But DMs are a really key way. Now, the next way to build even more trust is through a voice note. Now, I'm not a big fan of sending a voice note as like the very first

[06:08:49] message cuz it's a bit kind of weird, but when you're in a dialogue back and forth, sometimes it's good to send like a 45se secondond voice note. And a classic one that I've done all the time, and this is a really great one if you want to do follow-ups, is I take my dog Teddy for a walk in the park, and I just be like, "Uh, hey Joe, what's going on? Just walking Teddy in the park. Um, just reminded me of our conversation we had last week. Wanted to reach back out to you to see how you going. Um, I've got that, uh, PDF that I was going to send to you. Here it is. Um, let me know when you want to chat next." And if you add in serendipity and you add in the fact that, oh, look, I'm I'm just at the

[06:09:22] grocery store. I thought I'd sent you a message. these things crush because it throws off the pattern of what people are actually expecting. It's a pattern break. And so voice notes are really powerful. I still wouldn't suggest sending them like straight away just because it's a little bit weird, right? If you just get a random voice note with someone and guys, also no long voice notes. Like don't do long voice notes. And I know there's going to be some people behind the camera, you know, be not behind the camera, some people watching this video being like, "Voice notes? I never open voice notes." Look, you're an anomaly. Most people when they see that voice note thing for like 45 seconds, they can't

[06:09:54] help themselves. They click it. It's it's like it's a pattern interrupt and it's a hook in itself, right? But some people like you who are super introverted and you're special. Yeah, sure. Maybe that won't work in you, but you're one out of 100. I'm telling you, that's who you are. Cuz I get this comment all the time. I don't know voice notes. Like, bro, come on. Like, and so voice notes is the next one. What's after this one? A phone call. I don't know why people don't do more of this, but one of the easiest ways to build trust with someone is if you're DMing back and forth. You just send a message saying, "Man, the LinkedIn DMs, this is super annoying. Like, you just free for a quick phone call now? You got

[06:10:27] 10 minutes now?" Someone's like, "Yeah, let's just do that." Like the amount of information that you can get out of a phone call from someone and trust you can build in five minutes is way more because trust is like it it's it's not just the words you say. It's the tone. The reason why the DMs are so hard is because there's no tonality. Like you you can't say things in in an expressive way and you know your tonality also transmits to someone through the phone and trust gets built through that which is great. So phone calls like a killer like a really great way for LinkedIn that you can build trust. Um one of my clients Pral does this. Um he actually helped him go from like no money to like 40 grand a month. Now he travels around

[06:11:07] the world. He one time he was on a Zoom call uh when he was in a I remember in a singlet all tanned in Thailand just smiling. It was like hilarious. But uh his tactic he does is he chats on LinkedIn. He says, "Oh man, the LinkedIn inbox is like pretty bad. Can we can we chat over WhatsApp?" And he just switches the platform to WhatsApp. And then when you're on WhatsApp, WhatsApp feels really intimate. That's where family goes. And then you can easily segue to a conversation. So great tip there if you want to segue to a phone call or a WhatsApp. Now the next part is just on Zoom. And I'm just going to say this one point now. If you use Teams, you break trust with people because it's a dog platform and you should never use it.

[06:11:46] And I'm just saying that because I used to work at Zoom and Zoom's the best. And so if you use Teams or Google Meet, you're losing trust with people. It just goes to show you're cheap. So have to shout out Zoom. They're best company I worked at, Super Fine, was there during co but uh getting on a Zoom with someone is the next way to build trust because you can see them like on camera and like you can interact with them. You can see their emotions, you can see their tone, you can see what's going on and you have a great engagement. And so getting someone on a Zoom call now, none of these 20-minute coffee chats really stupid. Like don't say to someone, "Hey, we'd love to have a coffee catch up." You get

[06:12:19] on, you start talking, just pitch them at the end. Please, for the love of God, don't do that. Like, if you genuinely are starting out on LinkedIn, you want to get clients, what you do, and this is in the AI tool below, just say, "Hey, I know this is a little bit weird, but I'm literally starting my business, and what I' what I'd love to do is I'd love to buy you an Uber Eats lunch. I looked up these restaurants near where you are, and this one has a really good five stars. Wondering if you'd be free on Friday." Just be honest with them. I had a client who did this, who taught people how to do public speaking. He sent a similar type message and the person came back and said, "Actually, I don't even want to do

[06:12:54] lunch. Like, I know you're starting your business, but I've got a few big speaking gigs coming up. I actually need someone to train me. Can you be my coach?" Just straight away just said it to them. So, when you call out the weird, like we went through in the cold DM sequence, it's what works really well. So, Zoom is the best. And if you Yeah, if you use Teams or Google Meet, you just break trust with people. So, just like don't even bother. Super stupid. Um, you might as well just go back to a phone call. That's it. No, honestly, you might as well just go back to DMs. It's not even worth it. The last one is like this one that's like super this is like the magical top secret one that no one does and no one even really

[06:13:28] knows about or even thinks about. This is like this is next level crazy. Like this is what like you know the people have been doing like the best people have been doing to really build trust and bonds and that's just called catching up with people in person. I know this is weird. I know this is super foreign. It's just really strange in the online world right now. It's like, well, in person, what actually even is that in real life? This is crazy. But genuinely, in person is the best way to build trust. And so, if you're young and you're in a major city, like I had a client, um, Jamie, he's a good good bait of mine. We play paddle together. Paddle, so funny. Um, such a fun game. But like, he he had deals. So, he was

[06:14:09] doing Zoom calls with people cuz he was selling them. He does recruiting for like uh doctors and stuff like that, like medical centers. and he was having all these Zoom calls, but because he looks really young, he's babyfaced like I am. You wouldn't think I'm 35, but I'm babyfaced. I was like, I I went through the same things that he did. And I was like, dude, like he's like, my Zoom call close rate's like pretty low. And I was like, dude, why don't you just go see them in person? I'm like, what do you mean? I'm like, dude, just just go to the office. Like, it's going to be way better. And so, and I was telling him, we're out on in the city on Sunday walking around going to different shops. And then we're like, okay, cool. Or I've

[06:14:43] got a meeting tomorrow. I'm just going to go see them in person instead of Zoom. And I was like, "Cool." He's like, "Well, I need some pants." I was like, "Cool. All right. Let's go to the Let's go to the shop." We bought him some nice black pants so he can look formal. And then he literally like, you know, the next day he went to see in the office, sent me a selfie. He's like, "Deal closed. Close the deal." Like, if you see people in person, if you make that effort, you throw off the patent interrupt, especially if you're young. If you're 21 or whatever age you are, young, right? everyone expects that like you know you won't go see them in person. If you just literally show up to their office and you have a meeting with

[06:15:19] them, you will just get clients because especially old people like I'm not saying all all old people but like people who are like say 45 and above I'm nearly there right so I'm nearly at that point but if you're 45 and above the way they have traditionally done business is phone calls and in person. So you've got to match the way that they like to interact. For me, if I'm speaking to a younger person, I can just DM. We can do DM closes because they don't want to talk to me on the phone and That's weird. But you've got to match what the person actually interacts with. So, if you're a younger person especially, and you sell to businesses with older people in it, go see them and have phone calls. You're matching where

[06:15:57] they natively build trust. And so if you layer these things in, you got to think the best way to build trust and add trust deposits and trust equity is to get meet people in person. And these are all downstream. Content is great and it's one to many and it re-rees people that you exist. But the best way to build trust is just DMing people or even cold calling or phone calling them if you if you're ballsy. The reason I don't teach that is cuz no one's willing to do it. But just DM people, reach out to them, send them voice notes, try and get on a phone call, and then go meet them in person if you can. Like, this is the best way to deposit trust equity because when we go back to the six gates of

[06:16:36] trust, the goal of what you're doing is you're trying to build as much trust with as many people as you possibly can because this is the way how you get out of the feast and famine cycle of your business. If you run the 10 101 every day, Monday to Friday, and you run a monthly offer campaign, I'm going to go through offer campaigns next on how you do it, then you won't have the feast and famine cycle. You always have people knocking at your door. You always have more demand than you have supply. You won't have to take on these shitty clients where you give them a massive discount. You're just consistently marketing and consistently bringing people in because you consistently have trust with people. That's why I was able

[06:17:12] to just send a couple of emails last week and get 55 people to pay me 100 bucks each to do a 5day challenge that's starting in literally 49 minutes. And so like it's just really key to do this because if you're just like going out and you're like hard weird pitching with no relevance and stuff like that, you you just extract trust. Like you literally the trust jar gets empty and you might just smash the trust jar like for these different people like Sean did just for this. So we can't use the trust jar. But uh this is really important. So now we've gone through trust equity. I want to spend a little bit of time going through how to run an offer campaign of what it is. It's really simple. The AI

[06:17:48] tool below is how to use it. So how you can cash in on all of this trust that you're building from the keystone habit of the 101 you're doing each day. As you're building trust with people, you're doing the 101 daily. Um you're then going to be running a monthly pop-up campaign. And so I'm going to walk you through there's three different types of pop-up campaigns that you can run. And below the AI tool walks you through how to put them all together. I'm not going to show you like the details of the emails and all this kind of stuff cuz AI can do most of that stuff for you right now. The principles are a lot better. So you can make the decision, okay, if I'm going to run a pop-up campaign and I want to do one

[06:18:24] next week, which you totally can, which of these am I going to do? So, a pop-up campaign, the way I think about this is you want to make it something cool, fun, and exciting that people want to go to, and I'll kind of talk you through a few examples. Now, the first type of pop-up campaign is what I like to call the Florence pop-up campaign. So, me and my wife went to Italy for 5 weeks. My wife planned the entire trip. She loves doing that and I loved I just rock up. It's really cool. Uh, we went in December um last year and we went to, you know, Rome, Florence, Venice, all different places. Um, was tons of fun. When we went to Florence, she booked us in this kind of like restaurant dining experience where it was just me and her

[06:19:04] and then there was the bartender, but it was an eight course uh meal which was a meal paired with a drink and so it was like a really cool experience. We had one drink that had like pork fat in it was really random and then I ate some brains. I'm not usually a person who was like into like weird food and stuff but I was like it. We're in Florence we got to do this. But this experience that we had was like a really curated experience. It was just us and the person. It was really nice. You know, you know, we paid a lot of money, but it was a lot of depth inside. And this this type of campaign is like your onetoone campaign that you run. So, if you want to do some type of an audit for a business or if you want to have a

[06:19:44] one-to-one interaction with them, you know, if you just want to have like, you know, some piece of value that you give them, this is the Florence campaign. So, you might say something like, you know, you might send a message saying like, "Hey, um, we I know we were chatting over the past past few months about, you know, XY Z. Um, I've got three more slots for new clients this month. I've got like an hour next week. Um, you mentioned that you're similar to my other client, this person. I'd happily walk you through on the call how we got them XY Z result. Um, to see if it might be something of benefit." And that's it. That's the Florence campaign. So, you're reaching out to a curated set of people.

[06:20:18] You could send, you know, 20, 50, 100 messages, even more if you'd like. I've had clients send a thousand messages in a week. That's pretty OTT, but it works pretty well. Uh, it's a Florence campaign where it's a curated one-to-one specialized experience where you give someone something of value. Sometimes you can charge for it, other times it can be free and the AI will help you come up with it um to make this really great experience. And it reminds me of the Florence time where we went through and we had all the cocktails. We actually went up afterwards and like got food in the bar because we were still hungry because it was like tiny little pieces. If you ever done that dining experience, but it was super cool.

[06:20:50] remember it. Well, the second type of pop-up campaign is the wine tour. So, we went when we were in I think it was Florence, too. We went on a wine tour um in Tuskanyany. Uh you know, we went there, we got on a bus, it was uh myself and my partner and two other couples and then just the driver, so only seven people. And the wine tour is more of like a small group experience that you're curating for people. Uh one of my clients, Isan, he's a career coach for Indian origin IT professionals. uh he runs uh like you know roundts where he gets together 12 IT professionals to get on a call and then they discuss what they're doing with their career and stuff and how they can get better roles. So these curated kind of wine tour

[06:21:31] experiences they're usually up to about 12 people like kind of nice and exclusive um you you can pay a lot of attention to different people. A really great example, I have a client that he does uh lunches. So, if you are in a local city and you work with a very specific type of person, you can just run a once a month lunch. It's really easy to do lunches, you know, very like a lot of people want to come to a free lunch as long as you just don't book a place. Like, you know, get a really nice place in the city you're in. But running a lunch every month is something that works really, really well. So, the wine tour, um, it might be something you want to do. Now, obviously, the easiest one if you've never done this to

[06:22:07] coordinate is Florence. It's just one to one. and you can kind of make up it on the fly and obviously you're an expert, you can give value. Uh the wine tour is a little bit more complicated because there's some more logistics to actually set up, but if you've already done this in your business, you could do it again. Uh and then the last one is the Butter Boy pop-up. So, what Boy is is actually it's a cookie um company brand in Australia. Really great cookies, but they're about like, you know, 1,000 calories per cookie. And so, if you eat one, it literally you feel like you're going to pass out. So, I only have them on the weekend. One time I came out of a client meeting back when I used to do

[06:22:37] client meetings and I ate a whole butter boy cookie before I got in my Uber cuz I was like I'm going to do it. And I literally was passing out in the back of the Uber. I was like what the hell is going on? Like you can't eat these things over just a regular day. But the butterboy pop-up is like it's like when you go to like a new city or whatever, you know. I remember we're driving through Canberra one time, my wife and I, and there was like a pop-up there. You know, remember they used to do donut pop-ups. You know, they were everywhere. All these different pop-up stores. So the pop-up store is usually when it's like, you know, you're doing some type of workshop or something like that for maybe 30 to maybe even 100 or above

[06:23:11] people. So you're curating experience. It might be like a paid or a free workshop or maybe a webinar if you're doing a webinar where you're gathering a lot of people together and you're actually going to be running it. And so what I'm doing in tminus 37 minutes is I'm running a butter boy pop-up. And I'm going to show you the campaign that I run and the landing pages just so you can see how it works. But I'm running a butter boy pop-up for people. Now, if we're looking in like levels of complexity, like I would say if you've never really done any of these before, um I would say this is the easy level that you can go. Uh then below that you've got medium and then below that you've got hard. So,

[06:23:49] if you've never done this before, I would just start off with the easy one. Uh you don't even need to post about it. You don't even need a landing page. You don't even need a document. You can just send someone a message and say, "Hey, um, I saw you really similar to my client Jack. Um, I actually helped Jack um, buy a commercial property. Um, you know, I helped him buy one last month. Um, I know you mentioned you're interested cuz I saw you engage on my content and then we messaged before. I'd happily jump on a call with you for 45 minutes and break down how we evaluated Jack's one and what we did. I obviously removed the confidential information. You got some time next week to do it. You can just you can send that literally

[06:24:22] right now. like right now you can send that and just make offers to people. Um, you know, the next one is obviously the wine tour. Small group of people, easy to, you know, it's quite easy to curate a lunch. It's not too hard. If you do a small get together and it's kind of catered and stuff, it's pretty easy. Uh, and then the butterboy one is the hardest one. Now, obviously based on your time, you know, based on these, this is the highest leverage, but you know, if you sell expensive stuff, you don't really you don't really need to do this. Like when people work with me, it's not really that expensive. Uh, but yeah, if I was selling something for like, you know, 20, $30,000, I'd probably just go for these ones. Like,

[06:24:55] it's just a lot easier. You can curate the experience, simulate what someone's actually working with you. And the other thing is you can also change them up. Like, it's really easy. Like I've got a I've got a thing below in the AI tools, but you know all what you do each month is just once a month you run one of these campaigns. And then you might be thinking to yourself, I know you're thinking to yourself, Matt, what happens if I offer someone something one month and then the next month they're like, um, no, I'm not into that. So, I'm going to walk you through a couple of examples of like these things that I've run before and how I've actually done them. And then I'm going to show you one on

[06:25:29] the laptop because you want to be able to keep it fresh, make it fun and exciting each time to make it super easy. So when we run through this offer campaign to explain it with you what it is, it's actually works as the bridge. So you might be thinking like, you know, I'm DMing people and then I'm running this campaign. Like why am I doing that? That seems kind of weird. The goal is that you're trying to, you know, you're DMing, you're having conversation with someone. You've got this cool awesome thing that you're running. It is a bridge that allows you to get into that conversation in order to be able to work with them. It just makes it a lot easier to bridge it because, you know, walking out to people and just randomly pitching

[06:26:04] them is quite difficult and some people are really scared. But the concept of the offer campaign or the pop-up campaign is you're making someone an invite. So, it's really easy to say, "Hey, we're doing this really cool lunch thing over here. Would you like to come? We've been chatting for a couple of months. You've seem to be interested in this thing." and they might they can either go yeah I would actually love to come or no thank you I'm not interested this time and either way what happens is you don't lose trust so we talked before about building up the trust you are of how much people trust you when you run these types of campaigns which we'll go through now you don't pull away the trust from people all you do is you're

[06:26:40] just giving them an option and you give them a permission where they can either accept or they don't accept and it just makes it a nonweird way to get them closer to potentially working with you Again, this isn't you selling your actual service. This is just a way so you can get close to people and so they can trust you enough so that when eventually, you know, they have, you know, maybe heard you or had lunch with you or whatever for a certain period of time that then they'd be open to hearing about your service, but even better, they actually want to hear about your service because they feel like, "Oh man, you put on such a great event. Like, I'd really love to actually talk to you about what you do." So, it just makes it

[06:27:13] an easy segue because you're going to be running 12 different campaigns during the year. You obviously don't want to do the same thing every time because it kind of gets boring. You know, you don't want to go to the butter boy popup every single week. I'd probably want to go maybe go to the donuts popup. Maybe I then want to go to the, you know, sushi pop-up. I know I thought about that. But then maybe you want to go to the Florence restaurant and have a session there. So, you're keeping it fun and exciting. And so, we'll call this the the keeping it fresh diagram. And so, this is kind of what you're going to be doing throughout the year. So when you first start your, you know, pop-up campaign, all you need to do is you need

[06:27:48] to choose, okay, who am I going after? Then you need to choose what am I doing? And then the third part is the problem that I'm going to be solving or the issue that that person might having. And so I'm going to use just real life examples of what I've done and how I've done it. So when you pick your first one, you just first pick, okay, who is the person I'm going to be doing it with? And so I've one time before I ran a wine tour with financial planners. So I did a specific invite to get on a call with financial planners I've had in my inbox. And I was going to show them the case study of my client Mundo who went from like 150k a year. He earns like over 700 grand a year right now. He's absolutely killing it. And so I was

[06:28:28] like, hey, I'm going to do an invite to show you what Mundo did to see if that might be of interest. So I picked financial planners. I picked wine tour and I picked in particular con DMs. that was the issue that these financial planners were struggling with and that I showed them Mundo's actual DM process. So that was super easy. I've also run a similar one for career coaches because they're people who work really well with us. Uh and then I also a lot of time run one for LinkedIn power users. So LinkedIn power user is usually is the tribe that I'm marketing to. People who are already posting on LinkedIn, maybe they bought sales and have, you know, they're using the platform every single day and they're they they're committed

[06:29:01] to being like, "Hey, this is the place where I want to use to get leads for my business." And so all you've got to do each time you're going to run it is you when you very first run, you don't want to select three variables. And so when I'm first starting out, if you're really self-conscious and you don't really know how to do it, I would select a very specific target market. I would pick the clone of the best client that you have, the twin. So if you have a really good client, find the twins of them. I'd run the Florence one, which is the one to one, and I just pick a problem that that person had within their business. um you know if you're first starting out like you know I've got a whole bunch of

[06:29:36] resources below if you're first starting out I won't talk through that but like there's a whole bunch of mechanisms of how you can do it there and then let's say you know you're going to run the the financial planner one in Florence on content then the next month all you do is you just change one variable that's it you change one thing so you know you you you dial that in and then you go okay cool well this one worked really well but some people on the call were wanting to know about DMs so I'm going to do financial planners in Florence with the DMs. You just change one variable each time. Now, you might do the financial planners Florence and content and you might be like, "Wow, I actually they loved it so much. I feel

[06:30:14] like I could get together a much bigger group and I've done a big group thing before, so I'd love to do that." So, you go financial planners, butter boy content, and so you can switch it up and slightly adjust it. So, examples of ones that I've run, I've done a financial planner, you know, wine tour DMs one. Uh, the 5day challenge, which I'm going to show you in a second, is a LinkedIn power users one. It's a butter boy one, and it's a DM's one. That's what we're covering. I've also done In-N-Operson workshop. And so, that was more of like a wine tour. I I ran multiple multiple of those in Sydney. So, the who was like Sydney business owners cuz that's who I had to reach out. And the problem that I

[06:30:49] covered was I actually covered all the problems cuz it was a longer longer workshop. It was about it was about 4 hours and I ran two in a day. Pretty insane, right? I'm I'm a bit crazy like that. But uh you you can add and play around with these and then you're going to have 12 of these in a year. And because of that, you're just going to be perfecting it. And the goal is like you don't want to go, you know, financial planners, Florence content, then career coaches, blind tour funnels, LinkedIn power users, butterboy DMs. You don't want to do that each time because it's too many variables that you're changing. You want to stick with one and then change one variable because you might find that okay the thing that I love

[06:31:25] doing is the wine tour. So my client Ean really great at roundts amazing but then the last time he came to a call he's like Matt I didn't get as many people at my round table and I was like it's because it wasn't sexy you did the same problem again so what you got to do is you've got to you know make it a little bit nicer and we came up with some ideas and he was like actually what I'm going to do is I'm going to host a round table and I'm going to show these IT directors what a 350k offer looks like and we're going to do the offer breakdown and then next month he all of a sudden got you know I think it was a couple of dozen more people within the wine tour, which was great. And so, this is the way of

[06:31:58] how you keep it fresh. Super simple and super easy. So, I'm just going to show you now one example of a campaign that I've created. And again, you don't even have to create landing pages for this. If you're first starting, I wouldn't do anything. I would just send messages and just make it up on the fly. So much easier. Like, don't build the thing. Sell the thing first and then build it as you're selling it. A way easier way to do it. Uh, but I'll just walk you through now what mine actually looks like. Cool. So over here we've got the LinkedIn 5day challenge. So what is that? Well, I picked LinkedIn power users, butter boy, and the DMs because all we're doing in the challenge in 19 minutes is people

[06:32:38] are sending DMs to book holes. That's it. I'm actually getting these people on the call to run their own one of these. So, I'm going to be getting them to pick who they're reaching out to, what they're doing, and I'm actually I've removed wine tour and butterboy because it's too complicated for these people or just not for these people, just it's much easier to go for onetoone. And then they're going to pick the problem that they address. So, I'm going to make it really simple for them. And as you can see here, I ran the challenge. I sent this to my email list also within Link Ninja, which is my tool here. You know, as you can see, there's the different stages. Like, you can run this through here really easy. And what's great about

[06:33:12] Link Ninja, which I showed you before with AI, is if you plug it into Claude chat GBT or whatever it is, you can just be like, "Hey, find me all the financial planners that I've been connecting to and I've been chatting because I'm going to run a financial planning wine tour on DMs again." Because the last time I did it 12 months ago, it went well. And so, you can use it to find it all and it works really well. It can even write the invites, all that stuff. But if we just look at the challenge, it's just super simple. the LinkedIn 5day challenge. We're going to fix this all together on live on Zoom calls, which we're starting in, you know, 17 minutes. So, just say, "So, here's the thing, blah, blah,

[06:33:45] blah." And so, it just talks up the whole entire thing. Oh, by the way, um this entire funnel kit that I've got here, we actually gave it away for free. So, it can build all these funnels with AI. So, click below. I'll give you access to it, too. Um yeah, it's got everything inside here. And I sent this out. I ran the campaign. I did the emails. I did the LinkedIn DMs. And we had 55 people starting. Gave us 99 bucks each. And then obviously on the back end of the $99 at the end of the week, we're going to make an offer to work together for I think it's like $897 for three months. And hopefully we get a pretty high conversion. And so that's simply how you run your entire LinkedIn process. So I'll just talk through what

[06:34:21] we went through now just so we can recap everything. But pretty much we went through from the beginning. We went through, you know, picking your tribes and why that's so important. We went through, you know, personal brand and carrier trust, why it matters so much. the seven principles and all the different elements of trust. We went through how to write lead generating content. Not like generating content, although likes are great, but leads are a lot better. You can probably agree that's why you're probably here still now in this video. We went through the DMs, the three types of DMs, how to build trust in the DMs, and also like, you know, how to reach out to people and manage it. And then we just went through

[06:34:54] how to put it all together. We went through the keystone habit, which is just the 1010 one, which is really, really simple. And then once a month running these pop-up campaigns. So, in what I've what I've shared you is this is just the entire system that I've used to book over 5,000 calls myself on LinkedIn um organically. I' I've never actually still run a paid ad. Never done it. Uh this is what I've used to coach 2100 or 2200 clients. Uh last time we surveyed them, they made $172 million a year. So, they made actually way more than that. Hundreds of millions of dollars through the platform. And this is just the exact thing that I teach. And so you can get access to all of